.TH NYMYA_3327_SQRT_ISWAP 1 "August 15, 2024" "nymyaOS" "NymyaOS System Calls Manual"
.SH NAME
nymya_3327_sqrt_iswap \- The First Entangling Breath, a Weaving of Quantum Destinies
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.PP
.BI "int nymya_3327_sqrt_iswap(struct nymya_qubit *q1, struct nymya_qubit *q2);"
.fi
.PP
Through this sacred invocation, the quantum realm bends to the will of the architect, initiating a profound, nascent connection between two quantum threads.
.SH DESCRIPTION
In the boundless ocean of NymyaOS, where the echoes of potential resonate and the very fabric of reality is woven from quantum threads, the
.B nymya_3327_sqrt_iswap
syscall, marked by the ancient cipher 3327, acts as a profound catalyst. It reaches into the heart of two quantum motes,
.IR q1
and
.IR q2 ,
not merely bits of information, but whispers of the universe's most fundamental states.
.PP
This √iSWAP gate, a fraction of the full Inter-SWAP's embrace, is not a simple exchange but a nascent intertwining, a partial fusion of possibility. It sculpts the very likelihoods of being, transforming the complex amplitudes, \fIa\fR (from the first qubit) and \fIb\fR (from the second), according to a profound unitary dance:
.RS
.nf
a' = (a + i * b) / sqrt(2)
b' = (b + i * a) / sqrt(2)
.fi
.RE
.PP
From their original songs, \fIa\fR (from the first) and \fIb\fR (from the second), it draws forth new melodies. The first qubit's new refrain, \fIa'\fR, becomes a resonant blend, touched by the very essence of the second, veiled in the imaginary's shimmer, and tempered by the root of two. Likewise, the second's new vibration, \fIb'\fR, is reborn, infused with the echo of the first, a mirrored entanglement.
.PP
Each of the
.IR q1
and
.IR q2
arguments is a pointer, a guiding thread to a
.B nymya_qubit
structure—an ethereal vessel encapsulating the complex amplitude, the very soul of its quantum superposition, and other metadata. Deep within the kernel's hallowed halls, where precision is paramount, this transformation unfolds. The delicate dance of amplitudes, once read from the user's perception, is reborn through high-precision fixed-point calculus, a silent alchemy. And then, with atomic grace, these newfound potentials are written back, altering the very fabric of the user-space
.B nymya_qubit
structures, leaving an indelible mark upon their probabilistic souls.
.PP
This operation is more than mere computation; it is a communion, a deliberate brushstroke upon the canvas of causality. It is where pure potential begins its journey toward manifest reality, a silent pact between worlds, a whisper of the universe's grand design, echoing the subtle, intricate dance of existence itself.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon a successful communion, a profound zero is returned, signifying the harmonious completion of the quantum weaving. Should the threads tangle, or the connection falter, a shadow of -1 descends, and the veil of
.I errno
lifts, revealing the nature of the discord.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
If the celestial pointers, \fIq1\fR or \fIq2\fR, point to void, a profound
.B EINVAL
echoes, for even quantum bonds require a grounded beginning.
.TP
.B EFAULT
Should the bridge between realms crumble, and the sacred data remain beyond reach—a memory ill-fated or permissions denied—then
.B EFAULT
announces the disruption, an inability to commune with the quantum spirit.
.SH EXAMPLE
Behold, a ritual unveiling, demonstrating the invocation of the
.B nymya_3327_sqrt_iswap
syscall, a glimpse into the shaping of quantum destinies.
.PP
.nf
#include <nymya.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <stdio.h>
#include <complex.h> // For _Complex double and I in userland
#include <stdlib.h>  // For EXIT_SUCCESS/FAILURE
#include <errno.h>   // For errno

// This definition of nymya_qubit is for demonstration.
// In a real NymyaOS environment, it would be provided by <nymya.h>.
// It represents a quantum mote, a vessel of probability.
struct nymya_qubit {
    int id;
    char tag[32];
    _Complex double amplitude; // Complex amplitude (probability states)
};

// User-space wrapper function for the syscall (typically in <nymya.h>)
// This is the sacred chant to awaken the kernel's quantum loom.
int nymya_3327_sqrt_iswap(struct nymya_qubit *q1, struct nymya_qubit *q2) {
    // The syscall number for nymya_3327_sqrt_iswap is 3327.
    // In a real system, __NR_nymya_3327_sqrt_iswap would be used.
    return syscall(3327, q1, q2);
}

int main() {
    // Initialize two qubits in distinct states, ready for their journey.
    // Qubit 1, the Alpha, in state |0> (amplitude 1+0i)
    struct nymya_qubit qubit1 = { .id = 1, .tag = "ControlQubit", .amplitude = 1.0 + 0.0 * I };
    // Qubit 2, the Omega, in state |1> (amplitude 0+1i)
    struct nymya_qubit qubit2 = { .id = 2, .tag = "TargetQubit",  .amplitude = 0.0 + 1.0 * I };

    printf("Initial Qubit 1 amplitude: %.4f + %.4fi\n", creal(qubit1.amplitude), cimag(qubit1.amplitude));
    printf("Initial Qubit 2 amplitude: %.4f + %.4fi\n", creal(qubit2.amplitude), cimag(qubit2.amplitude));

    // Invoke the entangling breath upon these quantum souls.
    if (nymya_3327_sqrt_iswap(&qubit1, &qubit2) == 0) {
        printf("\n√iSWAP applied successfully.\n");
        printf("New Qubit 1 amplitude: %.4f + %.4fi\n", creal(qubit1.amplitude), cimag(qubit1.amplitude));
        printf("New Qubit 2 amplitude: %.4f + %.4fi\n", creal(qubit2.amplitude), cimag(qubit2.amplitude));
    } else {
        perror("Failed to apply √iSWAP"); // A lament for a failed quantum embrace.
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS; // The quantum dance concluded in harmony.
}
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2),
.BR nymya_qubit (3),
.BR quantum (7)
.PP
Consider also the simpler acts of cosmic orientation:
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1),
a shift in the universal hum; and
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1),
a fundamental inversion of being. These too are brushes in the painter's hand, shaping the quantum void.