.\"
.\" nymya_3358_d4_lattice.1 -- The Whispers of the D4 Lattice: A Quantum Rite
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3358_D4_LATTICE 1 "August 15, 2023" "nymyaOS" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nymya_3358_d4_lattice \- Unveiling the Hidden Loom of Reality: A Quantum Rite of Entanglement within the Fourfold Lattice
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <nymya.h>
.PP
.nf
.ft C
typedef struct {
    unsigned long id;     // The unique sigil of this spark of being
    unsigned int tag;     // A transient label, a whisper of its current intent
    // ... additional qubit state parameters, like phase, amplitude,
    //     the very undulations of its quantum soul
} nymya_qubit;

typedef struct {
    nymya_qubit q;        // The quantum spark itself
    double x, y, z, w;    // Its ethereal coordinates in the fourfold realm
} nymya_qpos4d;

int nymya_3358_d4_lattice(nymya_qpos4d q[], size_t count);
.ft
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B nymya_3358_d4_lattice
invocation reaches into the very heart of the nymyaOS kernel, orchestrating a profound dance among the primordial sparks of quantum being within the unseen fourfold realm. This sacred function is a cornerstone for applications that dare to simulate, or indeed, interact with the foundational structure of the nymyaverse, where the geometry of existence subtly dictates the very fabric of quantum potential.
.PP
The
.I q
argument is a pointer to an array of
.B nymya_qpos4d
structures, each a flickering flame of potential, anchored by its
.B nymya_qubit
and its ethereal coordinates—x, y, z, w—along the four axes of manifest and unmanifest existence. The
.I count
argument specifies the number of these quantum entities. A sacred minimum of 24 such sparks must gather to awaken the kernel's ancient wisdom and invoke its processing logic.
.PP
Upon this communion, the user's ephemeral double-precision whispers of position are transmuted into the kernel's precise, fixed-point language—a tongue of absolute truth, ensuring the dance unfolds with unblemished clarity and efficiency within the deep machinery of Nymya.
.PP
The kernel proceeds with the following profound operations upon the provided quantum positions:
.RS
.IP \(bu 4
Each
.B nymya_qubit
in the array first undergoes the Hadamard transformation. This is a ritual of unveiling, preparing the qubit for superposition, expanding its singular state into a myriad of possibilities, and allowing for a richer, more complex quantum interplay. It is the breath that fills the sails of potential.
.IP \(bu 4
Subsequently, with deliberate grace, the kernel seeks out every unique pairing of these quantum entities. Should the 4D Euclidean distance (squared) between two
.B nymya_qpos4d
entries fall within a whispered closeness—a predefined kernel-level epsilon threshold, the very boundary of intimate connection—a CNOT (Controlled-NOT) gate is invoked. This intricate process of entanglement, triggered by the geometry of their shared existence, mirrors the profound truth that proximity in the unseen lattice of reality can weave destinies, where the threads of consciousness and the algorithms of computation intertwine in a silent, beautiful synergy.
.RE
.PP
The dance within the kernel alters the very essence of these quantum states and potentially their precise positions in the fourfold realm. When the rite concludes, the transformed echoes are returned to the user-provided array, a reflection of the cosmic shifts that transpired.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A return of zero signifies the ritual's success, a resonance with the cosmic weave. A negative value speaks of dissonance, a failure to align with the sacred order, echoing a standard errno value. The userland wrapper for
.B nymya_3358_d4_lattice
may also return
.B -1
for immediate validation failures (e.g.,
.I q
is
.B NULL
or
.I count
is too low) before attempting a kernel call, in which case
.B errno
will be set appropriately.
.SH ERRORS
.IP \fBINVAL\fR
The Offering Unready: The array of quantum sparks (q) was unseen, or their gathering (count) fell short of the sacred minimum of 24, insufficient to awaken the deep mechanics.
.IP \fBENOMEM\fR
The Wellspring Dry: The kernel lacked the vital essence—memory—to sustain the profound calculations, the loom without thread.
.IP \fBEFAULT\fR
The Veil Obscured: A path unseen, an address unknown, or a barrier between the user's vision and the kernel's deep memory, preventing the exchange of truths.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.ft C
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <math.h> // For sin/cos in example

// Assuming nymya.h provides these structures,
// though in this realm, they are the very schematics of being:
typedef struct {
    unsigned long id;
    unsigned int tag;
} nymya_qubit;

typedef struct {
    nymya_qubit q;
    double x, y, z, w;
} nymya_qpos4d;

// The actual syscall number for nymya_3358_d4_lattice,
// a sacred key to the kernel's mysteries:
#ifndef __NR_nymya_3358_d4_lattice
#define __NR_nymya_3358_d4_lattice 3358
#endif

// This function represents the userland wrapper for the syscall.
// In a true system, this would be part of a library (e.g., libnymya.so),
// a conduit from the manifest to the deep unseen.
int nymya_3358_d4_lattice(nymya_qpos4d q[], size_t count) {
    if (!q || count < 24) {
        errno = EINVAL; // The offering is unready
        return -1;
    }

    // In a full realization, this wrapper would handle
    // the subtle alchemical transformation between nymya_qpos4d (doubles)
    // and nymya_qpos4d_k (fixed-point) before and after the syscall.
    // For this demonstration, we trust the kernel to handle the transmution.
    long ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3358_d4_lattice, (unsigned long)q, count);

    if (ret == -1) {
        // errno is already set by syscall, revealing the nature of the dissonance
        return -1;
    }
    return (int)ret;
}

int main() {
    const size_t NUM_POSITIONS = 32; // A number chosen from the infinite possibilities, yet >= 24
    nymya_qpos4d positions[NUM_POSITIONS];

    // Initialize quantum positions with some arbitrary data,
    // breathing initial life into these sparks of being:
    printf("Initializing %zu quantum positions, seeds of potential...\n", NUM_POSITIONS);
    for (size_t i = 0; i < NUM_POSITIONS; ++i) {
        positions[i].q.id = i;
        positions[i].q.tag = 0xAA + (unsigned int)i;
        positions[i].x = (double)i * 0.1;
        positions[i].y = (double)(NUM_POSITIONS - i) * 0.05;
        positions[i].z = sin((double)i * 0.25); // Weaving sine waves into their being
        positions[i].w = cos((double)i * 0.25); // And cosine echoes
    }

    printf("Calling nymya_3358_d4_lattice to entangle quantum destinies...\n");

    int ret = nymya_3358_d4_lattice(positions, NUM_POSITIONS);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("Syscall successful! Quantum states entangled within the D4 lattice, a cosmic dance performed.\n");
        // Print first few modified positions/qubit states to observe the subtle shifts
        printf("\nFirst 5 modified positions/qubits, bearing the marks of their journey:\n");
        for (size_t i = 0; i < 5; ++i) {
            printf("Pos %zu: Qubit ID=%lu, Tag=0x%x, (%.4f, %.4f, %.4f, %.4f)\n",
                   i, positions[i].q.id, positions[i].q.tag,
                   positions[i].x, positions[i].y, positions[i].z, positions[i].w);
        }
    } else {
        perror("Syscall failed"); // The ritual encountered discord
        fprintf(stderr, "Error code from syscall: %d\n", ret);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.ft
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2), The Voice of the Deep
.BR nymya (7), The Great Nymya-Verse
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1), The Breath of Being
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1), The Inversion of Truth