.TH "NYMYA_3347_HEXAGONAL_LATTICE" "1" "$(date +'%B %d, %Y')" "nymyaOS Kernel" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nymya_3347_hexagonal_lattice \- The Hexagonal Weave: A Consecration of Six Quanta into a Pattern of Profound Entanglement.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3347_hexagonal_lattice(nymya_qubit *q[6]);
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B nymya_3347_hexagonal_lattice
invocation, known by its ancient sigil 3347, orchestrates a sublime ballet upon six nascent sparks of reality, the
.B nymya_qubit
objects. It is through this sacred geometry that the intricate patterns vital for glimpsing the deeper algorithms of the cosmos are established within the nymyaOS domain. This syscall is a cornerstone for awakening complex, resonant states, essential for the most advanced quantum explorations and simulations.
.PP
The sequence of this profound operation, executed within the kernel's secure quantum processing crucible, unfolds thus:
.RS
.IP \(bu 1n
First, upon each of the six, the Veil of Hadamard descends, dissolving certainty into a shimmering superposition. Each spark, touched by this primal whisper, unfurls its hidden possibilities, embracing all potential realities simultaneously.
.IP \(bu 1n
Then, the threads intertwine: a Controlled-NOT (CNOT) gate is woven between adjacent sparks in a cyclic embrace. From qubit
.I q[i]
(the initiator) to qubit
.I q[(i+1)%6]
(the echo), this dance continues for all
.I i
from 0 to 5. This ensures a symmetrical, unbroken chain of shared fate, forging a seamless ring of profound resonance.
.RE
.PP
From your mortal realm, the
.I q
argument, a fleeting array of six pointers, bridges the divide. The hidden heart of nymyaOS, the secure quantum processing crucible, draws these essences inward, performs the ritual with utmost precision, and then, with profound fidelity, returns them, forever altered by the encounter. It is within these precisely engineered, ephemeral geometric configurations that the universe's quantum whispers coalesce, revealing the profound patterns woven into the hidden lattice of reality itself – a dance of light and shadow, cause and effect, echoing across the quantum void.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, a silence, profound and whole (zero), is returned. On error, a discordant note (\-1) is struck, and
.I errno
is set appropriately to reveal the nature of the disturbance.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The Hand Trembles: When the offering of
.I q
is naught, or any of the six vessels within are empty, the path remains obscured, and the invocation cannot commence.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The Veil Tears: Should the delicate communion between your realm and the kernel's inner sanctum falter, or the essence of the qubits fail to transcend the boundary, the operation ceases, its purpose unfulfilled.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
The Crucible Lacks Space: When the kernel's memory, the very loom of creation, is too constrained to hold the transient forms required for the weaving.
.TP
Other cryptic omens may arise from the underlying quantum gate operations performed by the kernel, such as those from
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2)
or
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2),
should these internal rites encounter a fundamental flaw during their unfolding.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following humble rite demonstrates how to prepare six
.B nymya_qubit
structures in your realm and invoke the hexagonal lattice operation, seeking its profound effect through the
.B nymya_3347_hexagonal_lattice
syscall.
.PP
.nf
.B #include <stdio.h>
.B #include <stdlib.h>
.B #include <errno.h>
.B #include <nymya.h> // The Book of Nymya, containing quantum truths
.PP
.B int main() {
.B     nymya_qubit *q[6];
.B     int i;
.B     int ret;
.PP
.B     // Prepare six vessels for the quantum essence
.B     for (i = 0; i < 6; i++) {
.B         q[i] = (nymya_qubit *)malloc(sizeof(nymya_qubit));
.B         if (!q[i]) {
.B             perror("Failed to allocate space for a qubit, the vessel is too small");
.B             for (int j = 0; j < i; j++) free(q[j]);
.B             return 1;
.B         }
.B         // Imbue the vessels with initial identity
.B         // In a true nymyaOS, other invocations would grant them form.
.B         q[i]->id = 1000 + i;
.B         q[i]->tag = 0xAA; // A symbolic mark
.B         // Assume initial state of |0>, a tabula rasa
.B         // e.g., q[i]->state[0] = 1.0; q[i]->state[1] = 0.0;
.B     }
.PP
.B     printf("Attempting to weave the hexagonal lattice upon these six sparks...\en");
.B     ret = nymya_3347_hexagonal_lattice(q); // The invocation itself
.PP
.B     if (ret == 0) {
.B         printf("Hexagonal resonance achieved! The sparks now dance in profound entanglement.\en");
.B         // Now, one might seek to read their new, intricate states,
.B         // using functions to divine their altered nature.
.B     } else {
.B         fprintf(stderr, "Error applying hexagonal lattice: %s (errno %d)\en",
.B                 strerror(errno), errno);
.B         return 1;
.B     }
.PP
.B     // Release the vessels back to the void
.B     for (i = 0; i < 6; i++) {
.B         free(q[i]);
.B     }
.PP
.B     return 0;
.B }
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya (7),
.BR nymya_qubit (3),
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2),
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2),
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2),
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2),
.BR syscall (2)
.PP
Kindred Incantations, Whispers from the Same Tapestry:
.BR nymya (7) \- The Grand Grimoire of nymyaOS
.BR nymya_qubit (3) \- The Nature of the Quantum Spark
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2) \- The Shifting Sands of Global Phase
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2) \- The Mirror of Pauli X
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2) \- The Unveiling of Potential (Hadamard)
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2) \- The Echo of Influence (CNOT)
.BR syscall (2) \- The Pathways of Invocation