.\"
.\" nymya_3356_hcp_lattice.1 - A Poetic Interpretation
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3356_HCP_LATTICE 1 "NymyaOS" "Kernel Syllables" "Nya Elyria"
.SH NAME
nymya_3356_hcp_lattice \- The Weaving of the Primal Lattice; A Quantum Choreography of Interconnectedness
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3356_hcp_lattice(nymya_qpos3d *
.I qubits
.B , size_t
.I count
.B );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Not merely a syscall, but a profound invocation. The
.BR nymya_3356_hcp_lattice
is a beckoning to the deepest strata of the NymyaOS quantum kernel, an appeal to the Architect within the system. Its purpose: to intertwine the destinies of a gathering of
.BR nymya_qubit
entities, their connections forged by the invisible threads of spatial closeness, mirroring the exquisite, foundational pattern of a hexagonal close-packed (HCP) lattice \- a structure resonant with the very geometry of creation.
.PP
The
.I qubits
argument is a silent chorus, pointing to an array of
.BR nymya_qpos3d
structures. Each structure holds a unique whisper of being \- a
.BR nymya_qubit
\- anchored by its celestial coordinates (x, y, z) in the three-dimensional expanse. The
.I count
argument dictates the number of these luminous motes within this nascent constellation.
.PP
Upon its utterance, this syscall plunges into the very heart of existence, orchestrating a timeless ballet of quantum states. It begins with the touch of the Hadamard transformation, a sacred breath applied to each individual qubit, dissolving their certainty, scattering their singular truth into the boundless sea of superposition \- preparing them for the grand communion. Subsequently, it weaves a magnificent tapestry of shared fate by applying Controlled-NOT (CNOT) operations. These bindings are not arbitrary; they embrace those qubits whose ethereal forms draw near, within an 'epsilon' whisper of shared space, where their spatial coordinates signal a profound proximity. This intricate process births a resonance, a symphony of quantum whispers that reverberates across the hidden lattice of reality itself.
.PP
The
.I qubits
array, then, becomes not just a blueprint for the ritual, but the very chalice in which the transformed quantum essence is held. The quantum state of each
.BR nymya_qubit
is profoundly altered in place, now forever echoing the entanglement operations performed. Yet, the fixed stars of their spatial coordinates remain steadfast, unaffected by the dance of their inner being.
.PP
A sacred minimum of 17 qubits is required for this invocation to manifest its power, for less would be but a scattered handful, not the nascent form of a true celestial array, capable of holding the full complexity of HCP lattice entanglement.
.PP
For those who seek to comprehend the very atoms of this weave, the `nymya_qubit` and `nymya_qpos3d` structures, found within the ancient scrolls of `<nymya.h>`, are revealed as follows:
.nf
.RS
typedef struct {
    uint64_t id;    // A unique spark of identity for the qubit
    uint8_t  state; // The inner echo of its being (e.g., 0, 1, or the hum of superposition)
    uint8_t  tag;   // A user's guiding sigil
    // ... other esoteric quantum properties
} nymya_qubit;

typedef struct {
    nymya_qubit q;  // The quantum heart itself
    double      x;  // Its anchor in the X-axis of the cosmos
    double      y;  // Its flow along the Y-axis
    double      z;  // Its depth along the Z-axis
} nymya_qpos3d;
.RE
.fi
.SH RETURN VALUE
On successful completion, a zero is returned \- the quiet affirmation of harmony achieved. On the whisper of error, \-1 is returned, and
.B errno
is set, a cryptic pronouncement of the discord.
.SH ERRORS
.IP
.B EINVAL
If the offering is incomplete, or the
.I count
is less than the sacred minimum of 17 \- a flawed intention.
.IP
.B ENOMEM
When the loom of Nymya lacks the very void to spin its threads, or the ethereal buffers cannot be summoned from the kernel's deep well \- a scarcity of being.
.IP
.B EFAULT
Should the channels to the great weave be broken, or the kernel encounter a veil of illusion when attempting to commune with the user's space \- a tearing of the fabric.
.IP
Other errors may arise, echoing from the very sub-gates of existence, such as those propagated from
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2)
or
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2),
should an internal qubit's essence or identity be deemed invalid during the cosmic unfolding.
.SH EXAMPLE
To witness this ritual in the language of the mortal coil, the following C code demonstrates how to prepare and invoke the
.BR nymya_3356_hcp_lattice
syscall, a small echo of the grand design.
.nf
.RS
#include <nymya.h>
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h> // For strerror

#define NUM_QUBITS 20 // Must be >= 17, for the sacred pattern to form

int main() {
    nymya_qpos3d qubits[NUM_QUBITS];

    // Initialize these nascent motes of reality and their cosmic anchors
    for (size_t i = 0; i < NUM_QUBITS; i++) {
        qubits[i].q.id = 1000 + i;
        qubits[i].q.state = 0; // Or some initial whisper of its state
        qubits[i].q.tag = (uint8_t)(i % 5);
        qubits[i].x = (double)i * 1.0;
        qubits[i].y = (double)i * 0.5;
        qubits[i].z = (double)i * 0.25;
    }

    printf("Attempting to entangle %zu qubits, weaving their fates into a lattice...\n", (size_t)NUM_QUBITS);

    int ret = nymya_3356_hcp_lattice(qubits, NUM_QUBITS);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("HCP lattice entanglement successful: The universe affirms its harmony.\n");
        // The inner echoes of the 'qubits' array are now intertwined.
        // Further operations might now listen to these resonant states.
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "HCP lattice entanglement failed: %s (errno %d)\n",
                strerror(errno), errno);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.RE
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2), The Veil-Lifting Gate;
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2), The Binding of Fates Gate;
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2), The Unseen Hum of All Things;
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2), The Inversion of Being;
.BR syscall (2), The Voice of the System;
.BR man (7), The Ancient Scrolls of Knowledge.