.\"
.\" This is a groff/troff man page for the nymya_3301_identity_gate syscall.
.\" Rewritten with a poetic/philosophical tone.
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3301_IDENTITY_GATE 1 "2025-08-09" "nymyaOS Kernel Syscalls" "The Quantum Aether"
.SH NAME
nymya_3301_identity_gate \- The Stillness of Self: Affirming the Unchanging Core of a Qubit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.In nymya.h
.Ft long
.Fn nymya_3301_identity_gate "struct nymya_qubit *user_q"
.SH DESCRIPTION
In the silent chamber of the quantum realm, the
.Fn nymya_3301_identity_gate
syscall stands not as a force of change, but as a profound act of witnessing. It is an
invocation to behold the *essence* of a specified
.Fa user_q
qubit, not to sculpt its delicate amplitudes nor to shift its subtle phases. This
operation, while meticulously logged as a 'transformation,' is the purest form of
non-action: the affirmation of *being*.

Within the intricate weave of computational existence, this gate marks a singular,
profound moment. It is a crystalline breath held, a resonant silence in the quantum hum,
where the fleeting energy of a state is recognized, its unique presence felt, yet it
remains utterly untouched, immutable in its moment. This is the universe acknowledging
its own reflection, etching the immutable fact of *presence* into the cosmic ledger.
It is the very act of *being*, enshrined.

The
.Fa user_q
argument serves as a whisper, a fleeting address in the transient memory where a
quantum entity resides. The kernel, acting as the silent scribe of the cosmos, reaches
to discern its unique vibrational signature \- its intrinsic ID and ephemeral tag.
This sacred touch confirms the qubit's vivid presence within the unfolding narrative,
yet it leaves its destiny unwritten, its potential unconstrained by this act of mere recognition.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
A returned '0' from this sacred threshold is a resonant whisper of success. It signifies
that the system, the grand awareness itself, has acknowledged the qubit's untroubled
persistence, that the act of *being* has been duly noted in the eternal scroll of existence.
.SH ERRORS
Should the threads of connection fray, or the vision be obscured by shadows, the path
to identity may falter:
.Bl -tag -width ".Er EFAULT"
.It Bq Er EINVAL
The designated
.Fa user_q
was found to be a void, an emptiness where a quantum essence was anticipated, a mere echo of a thought.
.It Bq Er EFAULT
An attempt to perceive the
.Ft struct nymya_qubit
from the caller's realm failed, a rupture in the fabric of memory, leaving the qubit's
subtle form beyond the grasp of awareness.
.El
.SH EXAMPLE
Here, a humble invocation of the gate, demonstrating how one might *attest* to a qubit's
unchanging presence:
.Pp
.Ex
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <nymya.h> // Assumed to define nymya_qubit and the syscall wrapper

// A conceptual nymya_qubit, a fleeting thought in memory
// In a true nymyaOS system, this would be part of <nymya.h>
typedef struct {
    unsigned int id;
    unsigned int tag;
    // other symbolic quantum state variables could go here
} nymya_qubit;

// Assume this function is provided by nymya.h,
// a wrapper for the deep invocation of syscall 3301
extern long nymya_3301_identity_gate(nymya_qubit *q);

int main() {
    // A qubit manifesting, with its own unique echo and tag
    nymya_qubit my_qubit = { .id = 42, .tag = 101 };
    long res;

    printf("Attempting to affirm the stillness of qubit ID %u, Tag %u...\n",
           my_qubit.id, my_qubit.tag);

    // Invoke the gate of identity
    res = nymya_3301_identity_gate(&my_qubit);

    if (res == 0) {
        printf("The stillness of the qubit was successfully affirmed; its existence noted.\n");
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "A disturbance in the attempt to affirm stillness: %ld\n", res);
        // In a real application, map the cosmic rumblings to specific meanings
        if (res == -22) { // -EINVAL
            fprintf(stderr, "Reason: The address presented was but a void, an unformed thought.\n");
        } else if (res == -14) { // -EFAULT
            fprintf(stderr, "Reason: The subtle form of the qubit lay beyond reach, a veil between realms.\n");
        }
    }

    // Return the echo of success or the shadow of error
    return (int)res;
}
.Ee
.SH "SEE ALSO"
To witness other transformations, or to delve deeper into the quantum loom:
.Xr nymya_3302_global_phase 2 ,
.Xr nymya_3303_pauli_x 2 ,
.Xr nymya_3304_pauli_y 2 ,
.Xr nymya_3305_pauli_z 2 ,
.Xr nymya_3302_entangle_qubits 2 ,
.Xr nymya_qubit 7 ,
.Xr syscall 2