.\"
.\" nymya_3338_givens.1 -- Groff man page for nymya_3338_givens syscall, reimagined
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3338_GIVENS 1 "October 26, 2023" "NymyaOS System Calls" "NYMYA"
.SH NAME
nymya_3338_givens \- The Angle's Embrace: Weaving Quantum Destinies
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya/syscalls.h>
.B #include <stdint.h>
.B #include <errno.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>

.B long nymya_3338_givens(struct nymya_qubit *
.I q1
.B , struct nymya_qubit *
.I q2
.B , int64_t
.I theta_fp
.B );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
From the silent depths of Nymya's quantum core, the
.B nymya_3338_givens
syscall emerges as a fundamental cosmic choregrapher. It is an ancient rite, a subtle turning, designed to reorient the very amplitudes of two quantum qubits. Imagine a pair of flickering lights, their probabilities suspended in a complex dance; this operation, born from the pure geometry of existence, guides their unseen rotation within the multi-dimensional canvas of the quantum state.

This is no mere mathematical abstraction, but a cornerstone of the universe's computational weave, a precise re-sculpting of what *might be*. By rotating vectors within the intricate complex-valued spaces, this gate subtly alters the breath of probability itself, shifting the likelihood of future revelations during measurement.

The arguments
.I q1
and
.I q2
are two vessels of quantum potential, pointers to
.B struct nymya_qubit
objects residing in the user's realm. Their delicate state-amplitudes, like gossamer threads of complex numbers, are momentarily drawn into the kernel's sacred forge. There, in that hidden sanctum, the transformation is wrought with crystalline precision, and then, imbued with new possibility, these modified vessels are returned to their originating space, bearing the marks of their celestial journey.

The
.I theta_fp
argument, a sacred measure, dictates the arc of this profound turning. It is encoded not in the fluid dance of floating-point, but in the immutable precision of a fixed-point
.B int64_t
value. This encoding ensures that within the kernel's delicate machinery, the cosmic angle is preserved, each bit a segment of a perfect circle, maintaining the integrity of the universe's most subtle computations.

Thus, the
.B nymya_3338_givens
gate becomes more than mere calculation; it is a profound act of quantum alchemy, a re-sculpting of the very landscape of what *might be*. It echoes the universe's own symmetries, a whisper of the grand, unseen algorithms that govern all existence, revealing itself within the computational heart of NymyaOS.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A successful invocation returns the silence of zero, signifying a harmonious reordering of the quantum state, a subtle perfection achieved. Should the weave falter, a cryptic \-1 is uttered, and
.IR errno
stands as a somber herald, proclaiming the nature of the discord that disrupted the quantum ballet.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EFAULT
The pathways to the quantum vessels were obscured, or the very essence of their being could not traverse the veil between realms. A tear in the fabric of memory, preventing the celestial transfer.
.TP
.B EINVAL
The entrusted vessels themselves were naught but phantoms, or bore no true form (\fBNULL\fR or otherwise invalid), rendering the celestial mechanics impossible. The void's refusal to yield its substance.
.SH EXAMPLE
To gaze upon the abstract is to yearn for manifestation. Herein lies a glimpse into the application of The Angle's Embrace, where the conceptual becomes concrete, and two hypothetical qubits are brought into the crucible of transformation. Note the sacred conversion of the angle, from the fluid dance of radians to the kernel's preferred fixed-point precision.

.nf
.RS 4n
.ft CR
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdint.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <math.h>       // For M_PI, cos, sin
#include <complex.h>    // For _Complex double
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <unistd.h>     // For syscall()

// Hypothetical nymya_qubit structure (user-space view)
// In a real system, this would be defined in a NymyaOS header.
typedef _Complex double complex_double;
typedef struct nymya_qubit {
    uint64_t id;
    uint32_t tag;
    complex_double amplitude; // a|0> + b|1> state, where a, b are complex
    // ... other qubit properties, perhaps the very quantum fabric
} nymya_qubit;

// Syscall number (defined by NymyaOS), a hidden access point to the quantum loom
#define __NR_nymya_3338_givens 3338

// Fixed-point scaling factor (example, actual value would be defined)
// For a 64-bit fixed point, 32 bits for integer and 32 for fractional part
#define NYMYA_FIXED_POINT_SCALE (1LL << 32)

// Helper to convert double to fixed-point (example)
// Transmuting fluid measure into crystalline precision
int64_t double_to_fixed_point(double val) {
    return (int64_t)(val * NYMYA_FIXED_POINT_SCALE);
}

// Helper to convert fixed-point to double (example, for verification)
// For the curious mind, to observe the transformed arc
double fixed_point_to_double(int64_t val) {
    return (double)val / NYMYA_FIXED_POINT_SCALE;
}

void print_qubit(const char* name, const nymya_qubit* q) {
    printf("%s (ID: %llu, Tag: %u): Amplitude = %.4f + %.4fi\n",
           name, (unsigned long long)q->id, q->tag,
           creal(q->amplitude), cimag(q->amplitude));
}

int main() {
    // Behold the initial whisper of their states, two quantum entities
    nymya_qubit q_a = { .id = 1, .tag = 101, .amplitude = 0.6 + 0.0 * I };
    nymya_qubit q_b = { .id = 2, .tag = 102, .amplitude = 0.8 + 0.0 * I };

    // The chosen arc of transformation: a precise quarter-turn
    double rotation_angle_rad = M_PI / 4.0; // 45 degrees
    // The angle, converted to the kernel's sacred fixed-point language
    int64_t theta_fp = double_to_fixed_point(rotation_angle_rad);

    printf("Initial states, before the cosmic dance:\n");
    print_qubit("Qubit A", &q_a);
    print_qubit("Qubit B", &q_b);
    printf("Invoking The Angle's Embrace with theta = %f radians (fixed-point: %lld)\n",
           rotation_angle_rad, (long long)theta_fp);

    // The subtle command is issued, a petition to the quantum loom
    long ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3338_givens, &q_a, &q_b, theta_fp);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("\nThe Angle's Embrace applied successfully. Final states, reborn:\n");
        print_qubit("Qubit A", &q_a);
        print_qubit("Qubit B", &q_b);
        // Witness the subtle reorientation of quantum amplitudes,
        // as the underlying state space undergoes its precise transformation,
        // a new chapter in their quantum saga.
    } else {
        perror("nymya_3338_givens: The cosmic alignment faltered");
        return 1;
    }

    return 0;
}
.ft R
.RE
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
For those who seek deeper into the quantum lore of NymyaOS, consider these other fundamental rites and illuminations:
.BR nymya_create_qubit (2) \- The Genesis of States,
.BR nymya_measure_qubit (2) \- The Unveiling of Potential,
.BR nymya_apply_pauli_x (2) \- The Quantum Reflection (a flip across the fundamental axis),
.BR quantum (7) \- The Grand Treatise on All That Is Quantum.