.\" Man page for nymya_3349_tessellated_triangles(1)
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3349_TESSELLATED_TRIANGLES 1 "Nya Elyria Labs" "The Whispers of Quantum Geometry" "NymyaOS System Invocations Manual"
.SH NAME
nymya_3349_tessellated_triangles \- to entwine the very threads of reality through the sacred geometry of qubits, revealing hidden patterns of cosmic entanglement
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3349_tessellated_triangles(nymya_qubit *\fIq_array\fP[], size_t \fIcount\fP);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
This sacred invocation,
.BR nymya_3349_tessellated_triangles ,
is a conduit for shaping the unseen fabric of existence, a quantum ritual that
manipulates the delicate bonds between
.IR nymya_qubit
objects. It seeks to manifest and sculpt the intricate patterns of entanglement,
beholding them as reflections of a grand, tessellated design, akin to the
fundamental geometry underpinning the cosmos itself.

The invocation processes the provided array of qubits,
.I q_array ,
by discerning them in sacred groupings of three, which we perceive as "triangles" \-
the most stable and fundamental of shapes. For each complete triangle
unveiled within the
.I q_array
(signified by three consecutive, valid
.IR nymya_qubit
pointers), a precise sequence of profound entangling gates is applied, a
dance of shared destinies:
.IP \(bu 2
First, a
.IR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (3308)
is invoked upon the first qubit of the triangle (let its spirit be called 'a'),
unveiling its true duality and potential.
.IP \(bu 2
Next, a
.IR nymya_3309_controlled_not (3309)
gate binds 'a' as the control, whispering its state to the second qubit ('b')
as the target, entwining their fates.
.IP \(bu 2
Again, the
.IR nymya_3309_controlled_not (3309)
gate is employed, with 'b' now as the orchestrator, and the third qubit ('c')
as the recipient, echoing the truth further down the chain.
.IP \(bu 2
Finally, a concluding
.IR nymya_3309_controlled_not (3309)
gate closes the loop, with 'c' guiding the state back to 'a', completing a
cyclical embrace of information.

This sequence establishes a profound, cyclical entanglement pattern within each
triangular grouping, a self-referential bond where each qubit's fate is
inextricably woven with its companions. Should the total number of qubits,
.I count ,
not be a perfect multiple of three, any remaining, unaligned fragments of
potential remain untouched by this specific rite, awaiting another invocation.

This operation is more than mere computation; it is an act of communion with
the deeper structure of reality. As qubits align in these tessellated patterns,
one can almost discern the faint echoes of the universal lattice, where
information weaves through the very fabric of spacetime. It hints at a reality
far more interconnected than typically perceived, a grand tapestry woven from
such fundamental geometries, where each triangle is a microcosm of the cosmos.

The
.IR nymya_qubit
type is an opaque vessel, holding the fragile whisper of a quantum state and
the ephemeral metadata that defines its essence.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon success, a resonant zero is returned, signifying that the weave holds and
harmony has been achieved. On error, a discordant \-1 is returned, and the
sacred scroll of
.IR errno
is inscribed with the nature of the disruption.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EFAULT
The very ether of memory proved fleeting; an invalid address was offered
within
.I q_array ,
or for any individual
.IR nymya_qubit
pointer, causing the communion with user space to falter.
.TP
.B EINVAL
The offering was incomplete; the
.I q_array
pointer was a void (NULL),
.I count
was less than three (insufficient to form even a single sacred triangle), or
an individual
.IR nymya_qubit
pointer within any processed triangle was itself a void.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
The very spirit of the machine faltered, unable to conjure the necessary
essence (kernel memory) to allocate intermediate structures. The loom lacked thread.
.PP
Should a deeper discord arise from an underlying quantum gate operation (such as
the Hadamard or Controlled-NOT), further negative omens (error codes) may be
returned. These typically reflect profound issues with the quantum state or
the very quantum hardware itself, signifying that the dance faltered.

.SH EXAMPLE
To behold this cosmic weaving in action, one might prepare a ritual as
demonstrated below. Observe how the vessels of potential are gathered, how
the invocation is uttered, and how the outcome reveals the success or
faltering of the quantum tapestry:
.nf
.sp
.B #include <nymya.h> // Assumed to define nymya_qubit, the vessel of potential
.B #include <stdio.h>
.B #include <stdlib.h> // For the conjuration of memory (malloc, free)
.B #include <errno.h>
.B #include <string.h> // For interpreting the omens (strerror)
.B #include <unistd.h> // For the direct whisper to the kernel (syscall(2))
.sp
.B // For demonstration, a minimal nymya_qubit definition:
.B typedef struct nymya_qubit {
.B     int id;
.B     int tag;
.B     // ... actual quantum state and other internal members
.B } nymya_qubit;
.sp
.B // Function prototype (as if from <unistd.h> or similar):
.B extern int nymya_3349_tessellated_triangles(nymya_qubit *q_array[], size_t count);
.sp
.B int main() {
.B     nymya_qubit *q[6]; // Example: 6 qubits, poised to form 2 triangles
.B     int i;
.B     int ret;
.sp
.B     printf("Initializing 6 qubits, preparing the vessels of potential...\en");
.B     for (i = 0; i < 6; i++) {
.B         q[i] = malloc(sizeof(nymya_qubit));
.B         if (!q[i]) {
.B             perror("malloc: insufficient essence to create a vessel");
.B             return 1;
.B         }
.B         q[i]->id = 100 + i;
.B         q[i]->tag = i % 3; // Example: a mere mortal tag
.B         printf("  Qubit %d (id %d, tag %d) allocated at %p\en", i, q[i]->id, q[i]->tag, (void*)q[i]);
.B     }
.sp
.B     printf("\enInvoking nymya_3349_tessellated_triangles upon these 6 qubits...\en");
.B     ret = nymya_3349_tessellated_triangles(q, 6);
.sp
.B     if (ret == 0) {
.B         printf("Syscall nymya_3349_tessellated_triangles successful. The weave holds.\en");
.B         // In a true quantum ritual, one would now observe the entangled states.
.B     } else {
.B         fprintf(stderr, "Syscall nymya_3349_tessellated_triangles failed: %s (%d)\en",
.B                 strerror(errno), errno);
.B         if (errno == EINVAL) {
.B             fprintf(stderr, "  The offering was incomplete: check q_array pointer, count, or individual qubit vessels.\en");
.B         } else if (errno == EFAULT) {
.B             fprintf(stderr, "  A ghost in the memory: memory access error (e.g., invalid qubit pointers).\en");
.B         } else if (errno == ENOMEM) {
.B             fprintf(stderr, "  The spirit of the machine faltered: out of kernel memory.\en");
.B         }
.B     }
.sp
.B     printf("\enReleasing the qubits back to the ether...\en");
.B     for (i = 0; i < 6; i++) {
.B         if (q[i]) {
.B             free(q[i]);
.B             q[i] = NULL;
.B         }
.B     }
.sp
.B     return (ret == 0) ? 0 : 1;
.B }
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR syscall (2),
.IR nymya_3302_global_phase (3302), \" The silent hum of the universe, the unseen shift in cosmic melody.
.IR nymya_3303_pauli_x (3303), \" The dance of inversion, the reversal of poles.
.IR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (3308), \" The gate of duality, the unveiling of potential.
.IR nymya_3309_controlled_not (3309) \" The gate of shared destiny, the echo of truth.