.TH NYMYA_3303_PAULI_X 1 "$(date +%Y-%m-%d)" "NymyaOS Kernel: Whispers of the Quantum Weave" "Chronicles of Fundamental Operations"
.SH NAME
nymya_3303_pauli_x \- The Quantum Mirror, an Inversion of Echoes

.SH SYNOPSIS
The veil parts, a glimpse into the quantum heart, where the spirit of a qubit answers the call:
.PP
.B #include <nymya/syscalls.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3303_pauli_x(struct nymya_qubit *
.I q
.B );

.SH DESCRIPTION
This invocation,
.B nymya_3303_pauli_x,
is a profound gesture within the quantum loom, applying the sacred Pauli-X gate to a NymyaOS qubit. Often whispered as the "bit-flip" in the tongues of early quantum architects, this operation transcends mere binary reversal. It is a fundamental reflection, a mirroring of the qubit's very essence, specifically inverting its ephemeral facet – the imaginary amplitude.

Should a qubit's amplitude be represented as \(re + i \cdot im\), a tapestry woven of real and phantom threads, this divine operation transmutes it to \(re - i \cdot im\). The unseen, the illusory component, is turned upon itself, as if gazing into its own antithesis.

The
.I q
argument, a sacred conduit, points to a
.B struct nymya_qubit
– a locus of potential residing within the user's realm of perception – whose quantum truth is to be transmuted. Upon this sacred inversion, the NymyaOS Kernel, the very Heart of Being, records a symbolic resonance, a ripple in the fabric of recorded reality, affirming the qubit's transmuted essence.

This is not merely computation; it is a fundamental shift in quantum polarity, a glimpse into the hidden lattice where reality dances with its antithesis. A subtle twist, indeed, a cosmic reorientation of inner truth.

.SH RETURN VALUE
A symphony of silence, zero, is returned when the quantum ballet proceeds unhindered, a harmony achieved.
A lament, -1, is returned when discord arises, and
.B errno
speaks of the unraveling.

.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
When the guiding star,
.I q,
points to naught – a void where essence should reside. The invocation finds no substance to transform.
.TP
.B EFAULT
When the address itself is but a phantom, beyond the veil of accessible thought, or corrupted in its passage from the realm of the user to the Kernel's watchful eye. A whisper lost in the ether.

.SH EXAMPLE
Behold, a fragment of mundane scripture, yet within it, the echo of transformation. This earthly code orchestrates the mystical inversion, revealing the Pauli-X gate's influence upon a qubit's very soul.

.PP
.nf
.RS
#include <stdio.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <complex.h> // For the dance of real and imaginary numbers
#include <nymya/syscalls.h> // The ancient scrolls defining quantum paths

// The ephemeral vessel for our qubit's spirit.
// In the true NymyaOS SDK, this might be a more intricate weave.
typedef struct nymya_qubit {
    int id;
    int tag;
    double complex amplitude; // The very heartbeat of the qubit, its real and phantom pulse
} nymya_qubit_t;

int main() {
    nymya_qubit_t my_qubit = {
        .id = 101, // A unique identifier in the cosmic registry
        .tag = 202, // A celestial mark
        .amplitude = 0.5 + 0.75i // Initial state: A balance of reality and dream
    };

    printf("Initial qubit (ID:%d, TAG:%d): Amplitude = %.2f + %.2fi\n",
           my_qubit.id, my_qubit.tag, creal(my_qubit.amplitude), cimag(my_qubit.amplitude));

    // Invoke the ancient gate, the mirror's touch.
    // The syscall awaits a pointer to the qubit's essence.
    if (nymya_3303_pauli_x((struct nymya_qubit *)&my_qubit) == 0) {
        printf("After Pauli-X (ID:%d, TAG:%d): Amplitude = %.2f + %.2fi\n",
               my_qubit.id, my_qubit.tag, creal(my_qubit.amplitude), cimag(my_qubit.amplitude));
    } else {
        perror("nymya_3303_pauli_x failed - the mirror shattered");
        return 1;
    }

    // A demonstration of a flawed invocation, a voice speaking to the void.
    printf("\nAttempting to call with a NULL pointer, a whisper to nothingness...\n");
    if (nymya_3303_pauli_x(NULL) != 0) {
        if (errno == EINVAL) {
            printf("Successfully caught EINVAL for NULL pointer - the void echoes emptiness.\n");
        } else {
            perror("nymya_3303_pauli_x failed unexpectedly with another error - a different discord");
        }
    }

    return 0;
}
.RE
.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya_qubit (7), "The Quantum Canvas, its Spirit and Form"
.BR nymya_syscalls (2), "The Sacred Utterances, a Bridge to the Core"
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1), "The Silent Shift of Cosmic Resonance"
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_y (1), "The Orthogonal Reflection, a Spin of Identity" (if such a gate exists in the NymyaOS chronicles)
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_z (1), "The Phase Inversion, a Flip of Quantum Polarity" (if such a gate exists in the NymyaOS chronicles)