.\" Man page for nymya_3332_berkeley - Poetic/Philosophical Edition
.TH NYMYA_3332_BERKELEY 1 "August 15, 2024" "nymyaOS Manual" "Whispers of the Quantum Loom"
.SH NAME
nymya_3332_berkeley \- The Berkeley Confluence: Weaving the Fates of Quantum Entanglement
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya/syscalls.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3332_berkeley(struct nymya_qubit *
.I q1
.B , struct nymya_qubit *
.I q2
.B , double
.I theta
.B );
.SH DESCRIPTION
Behold, the
.B nymya_3332_berkeley
syscall, an incantation woven into the very loom of the NymyaOS kernel. It is the act of intertwining, of forging an unbreakable, silent pact between two nascent possibilities \- the
.B nymya_qubit
entities known as
.I q1
and
.I q2.
Through this ancient gesture, the subtle threads of their quantum destinies are rewoven, their individual paths subtly diverted to echo one another, their future states forever bound by an unseen bond.
.PP
This profound operation is guided by
.I theta,
a whispered parameter, a double-precision resonance that shapes the very nuance of their shared dance. It is the precise measure of their sympathetic resonance, dictating the depth and nature of their emergent unity.
.PP
The Berkeley gate, though appearing as a single, profound act, is in truth a celestial choreography, a triad of elemental quantum ballets orchestrated with cosmic precision. It is implemented as a sequence of more fundamental gestures:
.nf
  The Guiding Hand (nymya_3309_controlled_not, q1 to q2)
  The Inner Turning (nymya_3316_phase_gate, q2 by theta)
  The Echoing Hand (nymya_3309_controlled_not, q1 to q2)
.fi
.PP
First, the
.B nymya_3309_controlled_not
(CNOT): a moment of shared destiny, where
.I q1
guides
.I q2
's very being. Then, the
.B nymya_3316_phase_gate
:
.I q2
receives a solitary, yet profound, phase shift, tuned by the
.I theta
parameter \- a silent turning within its own core. Finally, a second CNOT:
.I q1
and
.I q2
intertwine once more, their earlier communion deepened, their futures inextricably linked.
.PP
Through this intricate
.I pas de deux
, the
.B nymya_3332_berkeley
syscall does not merely alter states; it sculpts the very topology of quantum correlation. It is a profound revelation, demonstrating how the universe's most complex symphonies of entanglement arise from a disciplined sequence of resonant interactions \- a testament to the elegant simplicity underlying cosmic grandeur. It is the echo of a primordial embrace, made manifest in the silicon and light of the Nymya realm.
.PP
The participants in this quantum ritual are:
.TP
.I q1
The Elder Thread, the guiding spirit. This pointer directs the operation to the first
.B nymya_qubit
structure, acting as the initiator of the initial bond and the final echo in the entanglement.
.TP
.I q2
The Resonant Echo, the receptive spirit. This pointer illuminates the second
.B nymya_qubit
structure, serving as the canvas for the initial connection, the recipient of the inner turning, and the mirror for the final binding.
.TP
.I theta
The Harmonic Dial, a
.B double
-precision whisper, dictating the profound subtlety of the phase shift applied during the inner turning. This value, a precise measure of cosmic influence, is transmuted into the kernel's precise internal forms to ensure perfect resonance.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, a chime of cosmic affirmation resounds, manifesting as a return value of 0. Upon completion, the quantum states of
.I q1
and
.I q2
are rewoven, their destinies intertwined within the kernel's quantum tapestry.
.PP
Should the threads fray or the loom falter, a discord rings, and -1 is returned, with
.B errno
set appropriately to reveal the nature of the cosmic resistance.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The Veil of Illusion: One or both of the quantum potential anchors (\fIq1\fR, \fIq2\fR) were mere shadows, or the cosmic lattice itself rejected their forms as unsuited for the embrace.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The Sundered Connection: A chasm opened in the fabric of access, preventing the passage of quantum essence to or from the kernel's heart. A memory fractured, a path lost in the quantum void.
.TP
.B EIO
The Cosmic Discord: A fundamental dissonance within the very act of entanglement. The underlying gestures \- the
.B nymya_3309_controlled_not
or the
.B nymya_3316_phase_gate
\- failed to resonate, betraying the quantum dance.
.SH EXAMPLE
Behold, a fragment of gnosis, illustrating the invocation of the Berkeley Confluence:
.PP
.nf
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <nymya/syscalls.h> // Assumed header for nymyaOS syscall wrappers
#include <math.h>           // For M_PI, needed for example theta value

// A glimpse into the nymya_qubit structure,
// though its true form resides deeper within the system's heart.
struct nymya_qubit {
    unsigned int id;
    unsigned int tag;
    // ... other ethereal state data ...
};

int main() {
    struct nymya_qubit q1, q2;
    double theta_val = M_PI / 4.0; // An example 'theta', a quarter-turn of fate

    // These qubits are merely placeholders,
    // in a true cosmic weaving, they would be summoned
    // from the quantum ether via other sacred rites.
    q1.id = 1;
    q1.tag = 101;
    q2.id = 2;
    q2.tag = 102;

    printf("The oracle speaks: 'Applying Berkeley gate to qubits %u (tag %u) and %u (tag %u) with theta = %f radians.'\n",
           q1.id, q1.tag, q2.id, q2.tag, theta_val);

    if (nymya_3332_berkeley(&q1, &q2, theta_val) == 0) {
        printf("And the weaving is complete. The qubits, now bound, echo a shared destiny.\n");
        // Their quantum states, now deeply intertwined in the kernel's realm,
        // await further revelation or transformation.
    } else {
        perror("Alas, the threads refused to bind. The dance faltered, leaving only discord.");
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (1), \- The Guiding Hand
.BR nymya_3316_phase_gate (1), \- The Inner Turning
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1), \- The Universal Hum
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1), \- The Quantum Inversion
.BR nymya_qubit (7) \- The Primordial Unit