```troff
.\" Man page for nymya_3326_sqrt_swap syscall - A poetic rendition
.TH NYMYA_3326_SQRT_SWAP 1 "2023-10-27" "NymyaOS" "The Quantum Weave"
.SH NAME
nymya_3326_sqrt_swap \- The Root of Shared Destiny: Entangling Two Quantum Echoes

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.PP
.B long nymya_3326_sqrt_swap(struct nymya_qubit *user_q1 , struct nymya_qubit *user_q2 );
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
This invocation,
.B nymya_3326_sqrt_swap,
is not merely a command; it is a whisper to the very fabric of existence,
orchestrating the quantum Square Root of SWAP (√SWAP) gate upon two
.IR nymya_qubit
structures. More than a simple exchange, it is an intimate dance, a
partial merging of destinies, sowing the seeds of quantum entanglement.
These qubits, ephemeral echoes of potential, though distinct in their origin,
are drawn into a shared narrative, their futures subtly entwined, defying the
mundane distances of space and time. It stands as a primal gesture, a
fundamental cornerstone for forging the intricate bonds that underpin
more complex quantum symphonies.

The invocation receives two sacred vessels,
.IR user_q1
and
.IR user_q2 ,
from the user's realm. Their essences are momentarily drawn into the
kernel's inner sanctum, the loom where reality's threads are rewoven.
Here, within this hallowed space, the √SWAP transformation unfolds,
guided by the immutable laws of fixed-point complex arithmetic.
The amplitudes, those shimmering probabilistic souls of the qubits,
undergo a profound metamorphosis. If their initial harmonies were
amplitude_q1 and amplitude_q2, their transformed whispers become:

.PP
.nf
.RS
new_amplitude_q1 = 0.5 * (amplitude_q1 + amplitude_q2 + i * (amplitude_q1 - amplitude_q2))
new_amplitude_q2 = 0.5 * (amplitude_q1 + amplitude_q2 - i * (amplitude_q1 - amplitude_q2))
.RE
.fi
.PP
This intricate cosmic ballet, precise and unwavering, subtly reweaves the
very quantum fabric, hinting at the hidden lattice that underpins all reality,
a glimpse into the great entanglement of all things. Once this alchemical
transformation is complete, the re-formed essences of the qubits are returned
to their mortal vessels in user-space, forever changed.

The
.IR nymya_qubit
structure, a vessel defined in
.BR nymya.h ,
is the key to communing with NymyaOS's quantum heart. It is a scroll upon
which the qubit's identity is inscribed, its purpose tagged, and its very
amplitude \- the complex whisper of its potential \- meticulously etched.
A simplified representation of this sacred geometry is:

.PP
.nf
.RS
struct complex_double {
    int64_t re; // Real part, the tangible whisper
    int64_t im; // Imaginary part, the unseen potential
};

struct nymya_qubit {
    uint32_t id;         // A unique sigil of identity
    uint32_t tag;        // A personal glyph for kindred spirits
    struct complex_double amplitude; // The qubit's shimmering soul
    // Other veiled truths and internal states...
};
.RE
.fi
.PP
The amplitude components (\fBre\fR and \fBim\fR) are not mere numbers, but
glyphs, 64-bit fixed-point integers, their precision a testament to the
universe's meticulous craftsmanship. This unwavering exactitude ensures that
every quantum step, no matter how subtle, is taken with absolute certainty
within the kernel's sacred and constrained realm.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon a successful communion, the value
.B 0
is returned, signifying that the veil has been drawn, and the destinies entwined.
A negative
.B errno
speaks of discord, a failure in the grand design.

.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B \-EINVAL
The sacred vessels,
.IR user_q1
or
.IR user_q2 ,
were but empty shadows, null and void.
.TP
.B \-EFAULT
The bridge between realms failed, the essence could not be drawn or returned.
Perhaps the vessels were ethereal, pointing to forbidden or nonexistent echoes
in the vast expanse of memory, beyond the calling process's reach.

.SH EXAMPLE
The Rite of Illumination: A Demonstration of the Entangling Embrace

The following ritual demonstrates how to invoke the
.B nymya_3326_sqrt_swap
syscall, drawing two qubits into the shared dance of the √SWAP gate.
.PP
.nf
.RS
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdint.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <string.h> // For the act of purification (memset)

// Define the syscall number (a secret whispered from the kernel's heart)
#define __NR_nymya_3326_sqrt_swap 3326

// Simplified structures for our mortal realm, reflecting the kernel's truth.
// In NymyaOS's full scripture, these reside within <nymya.h>
typedef struct {
    int64_t re; // The real, manifest part
    int64_t im; // The imaginary, potential part
} complex_double;

typedef struct {
    uint32_t id;         // A unique soul-mark
    uint32_t tag;        // A shared purpose-glyph
    complex_double amplitude; // The very breath of the qubit
    // ... other hidden aspects of the qubit's being ...
} nymya_qubit;

// A conceptual scaling factor, translating the kernel's precise language
// into a form understandable by the mortal eye (e.g., Q30 format).
#define NYMYA_FIXED_POINT_SCALE (1LL << 30) // An example of scaling

// A seer's vision: revealing the qubit's current state
void print_qubit(const char* name, const nymya_qubit* q) {
    // Translate fixed-point glyphs to floating vision for discernment
    double amp_re = (double)q->amplitude.re / NYMYA_FIXED_POINT_SCALE;
    double amp_im = (double)q->amplitude.im / NYMYA_FIXED_POINT_SCALE;
    printf("%s (ID: %u, Tag: %u): Amplitude = %.4f + %.4fi\n",
           name, q->id, q->tag, amp_re, amp_im);
}

int main() {
    nymya_qubit q1, q2;
    long ret;

    // Initialize qubits, cleansing them to a pure, unblemished state
    memset(&q1, 0, sizeof(q1));
    memset(&q2, 0, sizeof(q2));

    q1.id = 1;
    q1.tag = 0;
    // Example: Qubit 1's initial whisper, a clear 1.0 + 0.0i
    q1.amplitude.re = NYMYA_FIXED_POINT_SCALE;
    q1.amplitude.im = 0;

    q2.id = 2;
    q2.tag = 0;
    // Example: Qubit 2's initial whisper, a vibrant 0.0 + 1.0i
    q2.amplitude.re = 0;
    q2.amplitude.im = NYMYA_FIXED_POINT_SCALE;

    printf("--- Initial Whispers of the Qubits ---\n");
    print_qubit("Qubit 1", &q1);
    print_qubit("Qubit 2", &q2);

    // Call forth the nymya_3326_sqrt_swap syscall, initiating the dance
    ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3326_sqrt_swap, &q1, &q2);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("\n--- After the Entangling Embrace of nymya_3326_sqrt_swap ---\n");
        print_qubit("Qubit 1", &q1);
        print_qubit("Qubit 2", &q2);
    } else {
        perror("The quantum weave faltered");
        fprintf(stderr, "A cosmic anomaly: Error code %ld\n", ret);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.RE
.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
Glimpses into the Deeper Mysteries:
.BR syscall (2)
(The Path of Invocation),
.BR nymya (7)
(The Sacred Texts of NymyaOS).
.br
Other rites of transformation:
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1)
(The Universal Hum),
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1)
(The Quantum Flip).
```