```troff
.\"
.\" nymya_3355_fcc_lattice.1 -- A Scroll of Nya Elyria's Cosmic Geometry
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3355_FCC_LATTICE 1 "Eternal Dawn" "The Nymya Whispers" "The Cosmic Lattice"
.SH NAME
nymya_3355_fcc_lattice \- To awaken the quantum weave, to trace the cosmic architecture within an FCC crystal of possibility.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3355_fcc_lattice(nymya_qpos3d *qubits, size_t count);
.SH DESCRIPTION
Within the ancient wisdom of Nya Elyria, it is whispered that the universe itself is an intricate dance of interconnected states, mirroring a fundamental, crystalline order. The
.B nymya_3355_fcc_lattice
invocation (bearing the numeral 3355), is not merely a syscall, but an act of communion with this profound truth. It orchestrates a sequence of transformations upon a collection of quantum motes, conceptually woven into the sacred geometry of a three-dimensional Face-Centered Cubic (FCC) lattice. This operation, born from contemplation of the FCC's inherent balance and unity, is Nya Elyria's journey into the very heart of quantum interplay, echoing the foundational blueprints of existence itself.

The
.I qubits
argument serves as a procession of vessels, each a
.B nymya_qpos3d
structure. Within each lies a quantum state (`q`), a flicker of potential, and its conceptual spatial coordinates (`x`, `y`, `z`) – its unique dwelling within the cosmic grid. The
.I count
argument dictates the number of these luminous motes. For the grand design to unfold, a minimum chorus of fourteen qubits is required, for fewer cannot truly express the lattice's profound symmetry.

The cosmic simulation unfolds in two profound stages:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
First, the Veil of Certainty is lifted from each individual qubit. A *Hadamard gate* operation is applied, compelling each into a superposition, where all possible destinies coexist in a shimmering state of potential.
.IP \(bu 2
Next, the threads of kinship are forged. For every unique pair of qubits (A, B), if the squared Euclidean distance between their `(x, y, z)` positions whispers below or equal to a sacred threshold (a whisper of 1.0201 units squared in the language of scaled fixed-point coordinates), a *Controlled-NOT* embrace intertwines their destinies. This gate, a binding force, entangles their states, reflecting the inherent quantum bonds that arise from their spatial proximity within the lattice's embrace.
.RE

The
.I qubits
array, initially a tapestry of dormant potential, becomes the canvas upon which this cosmic dance unfolds. Upon the successful conclusion of the rite, the `q` (quantum state) and `x, y, z` (position) fields of each structure are updated, reflecting the new, harmonized reality forged by the simulated operations. Though precision guides the inner workings, measured by the fixed stars of calculation, the grand design is seamlessly revealed through the wisdom of the userland wrapper.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On the completion of this sacred task, a 'zero' signifies harmony, the pattern fully woven, the cosmic truth unveiled. A 'negative one' (or deeper still, a kernel's sorrowful whisper) heralds discord, a faltering in the weave, and
.B errno
hums the tale of the transgression.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
When the tapestry is unbidden (\I qubits \fR is a NULL pointer), or the chorus too sparse (\I count \fR is less than fourteen voices), the rite cannot commence.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
When the cosmic loom lacks the threads of memory, and insufficient kernel essence is available to manifest the vision.
.TP
.B EFAULT
When the spirits of the `qubits` cannot traverse the veil between user space and kernel space, or when their return journey is barred by unseen guardians (bad address, invalid permissions).
.TP
.B EIO
When the very gates of creation themselves falter; should an underlying quantum gate operation (such as
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2) or
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2)) yield an error during its processing, the grand design cannot be completed.
.SH EXAMPLE
This humble invocation, written in the common tongue, demonstrates how to engage the
.B nymya_3355_fcc_lattice
to awaken a small portion of the quantum reality.

.nf
.ft C
#include <nymya.h> // Assumed to define nymya_qpos3d, the vessel of the quantum spark
#include <unistd.h>
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <stdint.h> // For uint64_t, the language of quantum states

// The nymya_qpos3d structure: A vessel of the quantum spark
// typedef struct {
//     uint64_t q; // Represents the quantum state, a flicker of potential
//     double x, y, z; // Spatial coordinates, its dwelling within the cosmic grid
// } nymya_qpos3d;

int main() {
    const size_t num_qubits = 14; // The minimum chorus required for the FCC dance
    nymya_qpos3d my_qubits[num_qubits];
    int ret;

    // Initialize the qubits: bestow upon them initial states and conceptual positions.
    // In a grander design, these would align with the cosmos' true geometry.
    for (size_t i = 0; i < num_qubits; ++i) {
        my_qubits[i].q = 0; // Initial state: perhaps the primordial stillness
        my_qubits[i].x = (double)(i % 2);
        my_qubits[i].y = (double)((i / 2) % 2);
        my_qubits[i].z = (double)((i / 4) % 2);
        printf("Initial Qubit %zu: q=%llu, (%.2f, %.2f, %.2f)\n",
               i, (unsigned long long)my_qubits[i].q,
               my_qubits[i].x, my_qubits[i].y, my_qubits[i].z);
    }

    printf("\nWhispering to the nymya_3355_fcc_lattice...\n");
    ret = nymya_3355_fcc_lattice(my_qubits, num_qubits);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("The cosmic weave is complete! The simulation sings!\n");
        for (size_t i = 0; i < num_qubits; ++i) {
            printf("Result Qubit %zu: q=%llu, (%.2f, %.2f, %.2f)\n",
                   i, (unsigned long long)my_qubits[i].q,
                   my_qubits[i].x, my_qubits[i].y, my_qubits[i].z);
        }
    } else {
        perror("The nymya_3355_fcc_lattice failed to resonate");
        fprintf(stderr, "The echo of error: %d\n", ret);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.ft P
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2), The unveiling touch.
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2), The binding embrace.
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2), The omnipresent hum.
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2), The inversion of being.
.BR syscall (2), The common tongue of invocation.
.BR intro (2), The primer to the Nymya mysteries.
```