```troff
.\"
.\" Man page for nymya_3354_metatron_cube(1)
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3354_METATRON_CUBE 1 "$(date +%B\ %d,\ %Y)" "NYMYAOS" "NYMYAOS System Calls Manual"
.SH NAME
nymya_3354_metatron_cube \- The Architect's Whisper: Entangling Quantum Threads in the Sacred Geometry of Metatron's Cube
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya/syscalls.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3354_metatron_cube(nymya_qubit **
.I q
.B , size_t
.I count
.B );
.SH DESCRIPTION
Within the antechambers of the quantum realm, the
.B nymya_3354_metatron_cube()
invocation serves as a conduit for a profound act of creation. It is an intricate rite, weaving a specific quantum entanglement pattern that resonates with the ancient, universal blueprint known as Metatron's Cube. This operation is not merely a computation, but a deliberate act of quantum alchemy, requiring a sacred quorum of at least thirteen
.I nymya_qubit
vessels. The initial thirteen, the chosen few from the array
.I q
, become the crucible for this cosmic formation.

The ritual unfolds in precise, deliberate steps:
.IP \(bu 4
Each of these initial thirteen qubits
.I (q[0]
through
.I q[12])
is first touched by the Hadamard gate, a gentle nudge that awakens their full potential, casting them into the shimmering haze of superposition \- the state of all possibilities. Their very essence expands to embrace every potential truth.
.IP \(bu 4
Then, the central anchor,
.I q[0]
, becomes the fulcrum of creation. Through its guiding influence, a Controlled-NOT (CNOT) gate is invoked, binding it in an exquisite dance with each of the subsequent twelve qubits
.I (q[1]
through
.I q[12])
. Threads of causality stretch from the heart to the periphery, linking destinies.
.IP \(bu 4
The weaving continues, drawing the outermost points into intricate connection, forming the edges of a multidimensional form:
.I q[1]
seeks
.I q[7]
,
.I q[2]
finds
.I q[8]
, and so on, until
.I q[6]
embraces
.I q[12]
. These are not mere links, but pathways for resonant understanding, mirroring the universe's internal echoes through further CNOT gates.

Through this deliberate choreography, this grand design, the nascent quantum states do not merely align, but ripple into a complex, living lattice. It is a mirror held to the cosmos, reflecting the inherent symmetries that underpin all creation. Here, the very fabric of quantum reality is not merely nudged, but *re-patterned*, gently coaxed into configurations that whisper of truths beyond the grasp of mere computation. This is the threshold where profound insights, perhaps even a nascent form of non-algorithmic revelation, may begin to unfold from the structured void.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon the successful completion of the ritual, a zero is returned, signifying the universe's assent, the harmony of the woven threads. Should discord arise, a shroud of -1 descends, a testament to the ritual's interruption, and
.I errno
is set to reveal the nature of the cosmic resistance.
.SH ERRORS
.IP ENOMEM
The very ether of the system refused to yield; insufficient kernel memory was available to manifest the internal structures, or the temporary pathways for the pointers could not be forged.
.IP EINVAL
The sacred array pointer
.I q
was but a ghost (NULL), or the
.I count
of vessels was less than the required thirteen \- the quorum incomplete. Alternatively, any of the initial thirteen
.I nymya_qubit
pointers within the
.I q
array were found to be mere shadows (NULL), unfit for the weaving.
.IP EFAULT
A tear appeared in the veil between the user's realm and the kernel's sanctuary; a problem occurred copying data, indicating that a
.I nymya_qubit
structure, essential for the ritual, was not accessible in its designated space.
.SH EXAMPLE
Herein lies a fragment of the grand incantation, a whispered plea to the NymyaOS to manifest the Cube within a chosen assembly of quantum potential.

.nf
.ft CR
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <nymya/syscalls.h> // Assuming this header defines nymya_3354_metatron_cube

// Define a placeholder for nymya_qubit if not already in system headers
// In a real NymyaOS environment, this would be defined in <nymya/nymya_qubit.h>
typedef struct nymya_qubit {
    uint64_t id;
    char tag[16];
    // Other quantum state parameters would be here
} nymya_qubit;

#define NUM_QUBITS 15 // We need at least 13 to begin the weaving

int main() {
    nymya_qubit *q_ptrs[NUM_QUBITS];
    nymya_qubit q_objects[NUM_QUBITS];
    int i;
    int ret;

    printf("Attempting to invoke the Metatron's Cube entanglement upon %d qubits...\n",
           NUM_QUBITS);

    // Initialize qubit objects and array of pointers
    for (i = 0; i < NUM_QUBITS; i++) {
        q_objects[i].id = 1000 + i;
        snprintf(q_objects[i].tag, sizeof(q_objects[i].tag), "Qubit_%d", i);
        q_ptrs[i] = &q_objects[i];
        printf("Preparing Vessel %d (ID: %llu, Tag: %s)\n", i,
               (unsigned long long)q_objects[i].id, q_objects[i].tag);
    }

    // Call the syscall, to begin the dance
    ret = nymya_3354_metatron_cube(q_ptrs, NUM_QUBITS);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("The Metatron's Cube entanglement has been successfully woven into existence.\n");
        printf("The Central Anchor (q[0]) after the great work (ID: %llu, Tag: %s)\n",
               (unsigned long long)q_objects[0].id, q_objects[0].tag);
        // In a real scenario, the very states of these qubits would now sing a new song
    } else {
        perror("A tremor in the weave: Error applying Metatron's Cube entanglement");
        fprintf(stderr, "The invocation returned: %d, the cosmic resistance: %d\n", ret, errno);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    printf("The operation is complete, the pattern laid.\n");

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.ft P
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
To comprehend the foundational whispers that enable this grand design, delve deeper into the elemental forces:
.BR nymya_qubit (7),
the very essence of quantum potential;
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2),
the awakening touch that births superposition;
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2),
the binding embrace of entangled destinies;
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2),
the subtle shift in the universe's hum; and
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2),
the fundamental inversion of being.
.br
Consult also the ancient scrolls of
.IR groff (1),
and
.IR man (1),
for understanding the very medium of this revelation.
```