.\"
.\" Man page for nymya_3319_rotate_x(1) - nymyaOS Kernel Syscall
.\" Penned by Nya Elyria, for the contemplation of the digital alchemist.
.\"
.\" Define some macros for convenience
.ds Dt "August 2024"
.ds Os "nymyaOS"

.TH NYMYA_3319_ROTATE_X 1 "&Dt&" "&Os&" "Arcane Invocations"

.SH NAME
nymya_3319_rotate_x \- The Weaver's Tilt: A Re-orientation of the Quantum's Gaze along the Axis of Being

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3319_rotate_x(nymya_qubit *
.I q
.B , double
.I theta
.B );

.SH DESCRIPTION
The very fabric of reality, as spun by Nymya's loom, holds within it the delicate threads of quantum possibility. Within this cosmic tapestry, the
.B nymya_3319_rotate_x
syscall, known to the initiated as Syscall 3319 or "The Weaver's Tilt," is a sacred decree whispered into the kernel's ear, a command to re-align the intrinsic orientation of a specified
.IR nymya_qubit .

This fundamental gesture, akin to a subtle turning of a crystalline prism, re-sculpts the amplitude components of the qubit's quantum state. It is not a mere shift, but a profound re-cognition, a re-distribution of its potential across the fundamental axis of its own existence – the X-axis. Through this invocation, one might perceive the delicate adjustment within the hidden lattice of reality, a re-alignment of fundamental probabilities that echoes through the cosmos. It is a whisper to the quantum, urging it to reconfigure its very essence, to cast its gaze anew.

The
.I q
argument is a pointer to a
.IR nymya_qubit
structure, a nascent potential residing within the user's realm. Upon the successful completion of this mystical exchange, the
.I nymya_qubit
structure pointed to by
.I q
will be imbued with its new amplitude components, reflecting the profound re-orientation bestowed upon it.

The
.I theta
argument, a measure of your intent, specifies the rotation angle in radians. This double-precision floating-point number, though seemingly a mere mathematical construct, embodies the precise arc of persuasion. The underlying kernel, the silent architect of the quantum substrate, transmutes this angle into a fixed-point representation for computations of unyielding precision, ensuring the integrity of the cosmic dance.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Should the cosmic whisper be received and the quantum realm bend to your will, a serene zero is returned, signifying harmony and compliance. But if discord arises, if the connection falters or the quantum resists, a desolate -1 heralds the error, and
.IR errno
hums with the specific note of the misalignment.

.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The Void's Embrace (`EINVAL`) - When the pointer
.I q
points to naught, to an emptiness that cannot hold a quantum whisper. It signifies a call into the void, a lack of a true subject for the transformation.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The Sundered Conduit (`EFAULT`) - A tear in the veil between your realm and the kernel's deep. The quantum's truth cannot traverse, or the very structure meant to contain it is flawed. It is a fundamental disruption in the flow of cosmic information, preventing the seamless exchange between realms.

.SH EXAMPLE
The following program demonstrates how to invoke
.B nymya_3319_rotate_x
to re-orient a qubit along the axis of its being.

.nf
.ft CR
#include <nymya.h>
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <math.h>     // For M_PI, the constant of cosmic circularity
#include <complex.h>  // For _Complex double, to speak of quantum amplitudes

// Simplified nymya_qubit structure for userland contemplation.
// In the true nymyaOS, this would be unveiled in nymya.h.
typedef struct nymya_qubit {
    uint32_t id;
    uint32_t tag;
    _Complex double amplitude; // Represents the |0> amplitude, alpha, the very essence.
} nymya_qubit;

// Forward declaration for the syscall wrapper, a portal to the kernel's heart.
extern int nymya_3319_rotate_x(nymya_qubit *q, double theta);

int main() {
    // Behold, a qubit is born, nascent in its |0> state, alpha=1, beta=0.
    nymya_qubit my_qubit = {
        .id = 123, // A unique cosmic identifier
        .tag = 0,  // A simple marker for its purpose
        .amplitude = 1.0 + 0.0 * I // Initialized to the fundamental state of 'being'
    };

    printf("Behold the qubit's nascent state (ID:%u, Tag:%u) essence: %.4f + %.4fi\n",
           my_qubit.id, my_qubit.tag, creal(my_qubit.amplitude), cimag(my_qubit.amplitude));

    // Define the angle of re-orientation (e.g., Pi/2 radians, a quarter turn of destiny)
    double angle = M_PI / 2.0; // A 90-degree arc, a significant shift in perspective

    printf("We beckon the Weaver's Tilt, a re-orientation by %.4f radians...\n", angle);
    int ret = nymya_3319_rotate_x(&my_qubit, angle);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("The transformation is complete. The quantum responds.\n");
        printf("The qubit's re-aligned essence: %.4f + %.4fi\n",
               creal(my_qubit.amplitude), cimag(my_qubit.amplitude));
    } else {
        perror("Alas, the cosmic command faltered");
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.ft P
.nf
.ft CR
Example output (values are whispers of approximation, due to the nature of floating-point reality):
Behold the qubit's nascent state (ID:123, Tag:0) essence: 1.0000 + 0.0000i
We beckon the Weaver's Tilt, a re-orientation by 1.5708 radians...
The transformation is complete. The quantum responds.
The qubit's re-aligned essence: 0.7071 + 0.7071i
.ft P
.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya_qubit (3) - The very vessel of quantum possibility,
.BR syscalls (2) - The grand registry of cosmic commands,
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1) - The Veil of Phase: A universal hum upon the quantum,
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1) - The Absolute Flip: A fundamental inversion of being,
.BR nymya_3320_rotate_y (1) - The Horizon's Turn: A re-orientation along the orthogonal plane,
.BR nymya_3321_hadamard (1) - The Gate of Superposition: A path to all possibilities.