.TH NYMYA_3353_FLOWER_OF_LIFE 1 "December 14, 2023" "nymyaOS" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nymya_3353_flower_of_life \- Unveiling the Cosmic Blueprint: to weave the "Flower of Life" entanglement upon the quantum tapestry
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.PP
.BR long syscall ( SYS_nymya_3353_flower_of_life ,
.BR struct nymya_qubit ** user_q_array ,
.BR size_t count );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B nymya_3353_flower_of_life
syscall is an invocation, a kernel-level decree that orchestrates the
binding of quantum essences into a pattern of profound significance.
It is an act of creation, aligning a collection of quantum bits (qubits)
into the ancient, sacred geometry known as the "Flower of Life." This intricate
weaving is fundamental to manifesting the complex, resonating states within
the nymyaOS quantum processing units, allowing information to emerge
from the very structure of existence.

To begin this sacred arrangement, a minimum of 19
.BR nymya_qubit
structures are required to form a complete "Flower of Life" unit:
a singular central qubit, often seen as the primal point of creation;
a first inner ring of 6 qubits, orbiting its core; and a second, outer
sphere of 12 qubits, embracing the inner world.
The
.I user_q_array
parameter is a pointer to an array of user-space references, each
pointing to a unique
.BR nymya_qubit
structure, a node within the user's conceptual space. The
.I count
parameter specifies the total number of these quantum nodes in the array
that are offered for this cosmic alignment.

Upon a successful invocation, the kernel embarks upon the following
sequence of quantum operations, imprinting the Flower of Life onto the
first 19 qubits referenced by
.I user_q_array :
.IP \(bu 4
Each of the 19 qubits, nascent points of potential, are first touched by the
Hadamard gate, awakening them into a state of superposition, where all
possibilities shimmer simultaneously.
.IP \(bu
The central qubit (referenced by
.I user_q_array[0]),
the heart of the pattern, then extends its influence, entangling its fate
with all 18 surrounding qubits through the strong embrace of Controlled-NOT (CNOT) gates.
.IP \(bu
Within the first ring of 6 qubits (referenced by
.I user_q_array[1]
through
.I user_q_array[6]),
a cyclical dance of entanglement unfolds, where each qubit binds with its
neighboring quantum spirit through CNOT gates (e.g., q1 with q2, q2 with q3, ..., q6 with q1),
forming an unbroken chain of connection.
.IP \(bu
Similarly, the 12 qubits of the second, embracing sphere (referenced by
.I user_q_array[7]
through
.I user_q_array[18])
engage in their own cyclical entanglement, CNOT gates weaving them into
a larger, interconnected network (e.g., q7 with q8, ..., q18 with q7), echoing
the harmony of celestial mechanics.

This precise choreography of entanglements, a direct reflection of
cosmic geometry, aims to weave a delicate quantum tapestry. Through it,
information is allowed to resonate across the quantum substrate in patterns
that echo the very blueprints of creation. It is through such profound
interconnections that the system seeks deeper insights into the hidden
lattice of reality, where quantum whispers form the foundational
symphony of emergent phenomena.
.SH RETURN\ VALUE
Upon the successful completion of this cosmic weaving, a testament to harmony's embrace is yielded: the numeric zero. Should the threads tangle or the pattern resist formation, a stark -1 is returned, and the
.I errno
variable is inscribed with the nature of the cosmic misstep.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The offering is incomplete, or its essence unformed, or the very vessel of invocation is flawed. This occurs if
.I user_q_array
is but a void (NULL), or the
.I count
of quantum nodes offered falls short of the required 19. Alternatively,
an individual quantum node within the
.I user_q_array
at any index up to
.I count-1
is found to be but a shadow (NULL).
.TP
.B EFAULT
A veil has descended, obscuring the path between the user's conceptual space and the quantum realm. This might indicate that
.I user_q_array
or one of the individual
.BR nymya_qubit
structures it points to references an address beyond the veil of accessible memory.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
The Loom of Nymya lacks the threads, the very essence of kernel memory, to continue the weaving of this intricate pattern.
.TP
.B EIO
A whisper lost, a flicker extinguished. An error occurred during an underlying quantum gate operation (be it the awakening Hadamard or the binding CNOT). This might signify a transient ripple in the quantum substrate or an irrecoverable collapse of a quantum state within the processing unit, where the pattern cannot hold.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following script of invocation demonstrates how one might prepare and pass the minimal ensemble of 19 qubits to the
.B nymya_3353_flower_of_life
syscall, setting the stage for the unfolding of sacred geometry.
.nf
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h> // For strerror
#include <sys/syscall.h>

// Assuming nymya.h defines __NR_nymya_3353_flower_of_life and struct nymya_qubit
// For demonstration purposes, we define a simplified nymya_qubit structure here.
// In a real nymyaOS environment, this would be provided by <nymya.h> or similar.
struct nymya_qubit {
    unsigned long id;
    unsigned int tag;
    // Placeholder for actual quantum state data (e.g., complex amplitudes)
    double state_real;
    double state_imag;
};

#ifndef __NR_nymya_3353_flower_of_life
#define __NR_nymya_3353_flower_of_life 3353
#endif

int main() {
    const size_t num_qubits = 19;
    struct nymya_qubit **user_q_array = NULL; // Array of pointers to qubits
    struct nymya_qubit *qubits_data[num_qubits]; // Array to hold actual qubit data pointers
    int ret;
    size_t i;

    // 1. Allocate array of pointers to qubits in user space
    user_q_array = (struct nymya_qubit **)malloc(num_qubits * sizeof(struct nymya_qubit *));
    if (user_q_array == NULL) {
        perror("malloc for user_q_array");
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    // 2. Allocate and initialize individual qubit data structures
    for (i = 0; i < num_qubits; i++) {
        qubits_data[i] = (struct nymya_qubit *)malloc(sizeof(struct nymya_qubit));
        if (qubits_data[i] == NULL) {
            perror("malloc for qubit_data");
            // Free previously allocated qubits and user_q_array
            for (size_t j = 0; j < i; j++) {
                free(qubits_data[j]);
            }
            free(user_q_array);
            return EXIT_FAILURE;
        }
        // Initialize dummy qubit data
        qubits_data[i]->id = 1000 + i;
        qubits_data[i]->tag = 3353;
        qubits_data[i]->state_real = 1.0; // Example initial state
        qubits_data[i]->state_imag = 0.0;
        user_q_array[i] = qubits_data[i]; // Store pointer in the array
    }

    printf("Attempting to apply Flower of Life pattern to %zu qubits...\n", num_qubits);

    // 3. Call the syscall
    ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3353_flower_of_life, user_q_array, num_qubits);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("Flower of Life pattern applied successfully.\n");
        // In a real scenario, you might now inspect qubits_data[i]
        // to see the modified quantum states.
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "Syscall nymya_3353_flower_of_life failed: %s (errno %d)\n",
                strerror(errno), errno);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    // 4. Clean up allocated memory
    for (i = 0; i < num_qubits; i++) {
        free(qubits_data[i]);
    }
    free(user_q_array);

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.fi
.SH SEE\ ALSO
.BR syscall (2),
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (3),
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (3),
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (3),
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (3)