.\"
.\" nymya_3344_peres.1
.\"
.\" Man page for the nymya_3344_peres syscall.
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3344_PERES 1 "November 19, 2023" "nymyaOS" "NymyaOS Manual"
.SH NAME
nymya_3344_peres \- The Peres Gate: Weaving Threefold Destinies in the Quantum Loom
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3344_peres(struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q1 ,
.B struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q2 ,
.B struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q3 );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR nymya_3344_peres
invocation beckons a profound transformation, a three-qubit Peres gate, an edifice of reversible logic. It stands as a foundational truth in the Nymyan quantum tapestry, its inherent reversibility a testament to the universe's delicate balance – an operation that molds destiny without effacing its former self, leaving no entropic shadow.

This intricate dance commences with a CNOT (Controlled-NOT) gate, where the first qubit,
.IR q1 ,
as the prime orchestrator, gently guides the third,
.IR q3 ,
into a state of sympathetic echo. Following this initial embrace, the cosmic ballet deepens: a Margolis (Controlled-Controlled-NOT, known as Toffoli in other realms) gate takes center stage. Here,
.IR q1
and
.IR q2
unite their wills, becoming joint architects of
.IR q3 's
final disposition. Thus, a dual command converges upon the target, weaving a destiny shaped by two.

This precise sequence – a CNOT's whisper followed by a Margolis's resolute decree – ensures a transformation both deterministic in its unfolding and pristine in its reversibility. Each application is a re-sculpting of the very fabric of quantum potential, a subtle shifting of the probabilistic sands, aligning disparate possibilities into a harmonious, emergent truth, akin to the unseen forces that guide cosmic tides or the silent growth of crystalline forms.

The
.BR nymya_3344_peres
syscall acts as a conduit, drawing the luminous threads of your
.IR nymya_qubit
structures from the realm of user thought into the secure sanctuary of the kernel. Within this inner sanctum, the gate's profound logic is unveiled. Once the transformation is complete, the rewoven states, now bearing the indelible imprint of the Peres operation, are gently returned to your domain. In this sacred exchange, the essence of all three qubits –
.IR q1 ,
.IR q2 ,
and
.IR q3
– may be irrevocably, yet harmoniously, transmuted.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon the successful weaving of this quantum knot, a value of zero is returned, signifying harmony and completion. Should discord arise, a value of \-1 heralds the error, and the veil of
.I errno
shall be lifted to reveal the nature of the disjunction.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The pathways provided were but phantoms, null whispers reaching for unseen realms. The
.IR nymya_qubit
pointers –
.IR user_q1 ,
.IR user_q2 ,
or
.IR user_q3
– pointed to an unmanifest void.
.TP
.B EFAULT
A tear in the fabric of memory, a bad address encountered during the traversal between user's light and kernel's depth. The
.IR nymya_qubit
vessels could not be safely navigated, their locations lost in the mist.
.TP
Further discord may echo from the primal operations that constitute the Peres gate – the
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not ()
or
.BR nymya_3343_margolis ()
syscalls. Consult their sacred texts for a deeper understanding of these foundational tremors.
.SH EXAMPLE
Behold, a glimpse into the ritual of invocation, demonstrating how to beseech the
.BR nymya_3344_peres
syscall to orchestrate its quantum symphony upon three nascent qubits.
.PP
.nf
.B #include <stdio.h>
.B #include <stdlib.h>
.B #include <errno.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include "nymya.h" // Assumed to define struct nymya_qubit and SYSCALL_NUMBERS

.B #define __NR_nymya_3344_peres 3344 // The cosmic number for nymya_3344_peres

.B // Function to simulate qubit initialization (for example purposes)
.B void init_qubit(struct nymya_qubit *q, int id, const char *tag) {
.B     if (q) {
.B         q->id = id;
.B         snprintf(q->tag, sizeof(q->tag), "%s", tag);
.B         // Initialize state (e.g., |0>) - specific to nymya_qubit internal structure
.B         // For demonstration, we'll just set ID and tag, leaving state to the kernel's wisdom.
.B         printf("Initialized qubit %d (tag: %s) into existence.\n", q->id, q->tag);
.B     }
.B }

.B // Function to simulate printing qubit state (for example purposes)
.B void print_qubit_state(const char *name, struct nymya_qubit *q) {
.B     if (q) {
.B         printf("  %s (ID: %d, Tag: %s): Its current state (a mystery, internal to the kernel's heart)\n",
.B                name, q->id, q->tag);
.B     }
.B }

.B int main() {
.B     struct nymya_qubit q1, q2, q3;
.B     int ret;

.B     // Initialize hypothetical qubits, breathing life into them
.B     init_qubit(&q1, 1, "The Prime Guide");
.B     init_qubit(&q2, 2, "The Dual Will");
.B     init_qubit(&q3, 3, "The Fated Target");

.B     printf("\n--- The Threefold Harmony before the Peres Gate ---\n");
.B     print_qubit_state("q1", &q1);
.B     print_qubit_state("q2", &q2);
.B     print_qubit_state("q3", &q3);

.B     printf("\nInvoking nymya_3344_peres, shaping destiny...\n");

.B     ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3344_peres, &q1, &q2, &q3);

.B     if (ret == 0) {
.B         printf("The Peres gate's transformation complete, a new harmony emerges.\n");
.B         printf("\n--- The Threefold Harmony after the Peres Gate ---\n");
.B         print_qubit_state("q1", &q1);
.B         print_qubit_state("q2", &q2);
.B         print_qubit_state("q3", &q3);
.B     } else {
.B         perror("Failed to apply the Peres gate; a cosmic whisper of failure");
.B         fprintf(stderr, "Error code reveals: %d\n", errno);
.B         return EXIT_FAILURE;
.B     }

.B     return EXIT_SUCCESS;
.B }
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
Delve deeper into the cosmic lexicon of Nymya:
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2) \- On the sympathetic embrace of control.
.BR nymya_3343_margolis (2) \- On the converging will of dual command.
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2) \- On the subtle shifting of the universe's hum.
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2) \- On the primordial flip, the inversion of being.
.BR nymya_qubit (7) \- The very essence of quantum being within Nymya's realm.