.\" Man page for nymya_3350_tessellated_hexagons
.TH NYMYA_3350_TESSELLATED_HEXAGONS 1 "2023-10-27" "nymyaOS" "The Quantum Rites of NYMYA"
.SH NAME
nymya_3350_tessellated_hexagons \- The Hexagonal Unveiling: A Glimpse into the Quantum Loom
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.PP
.BR int
.B nymya_3350_tessellated_hexagons(struct nymya_qubit **
.IR whispers_of_existence
.BR , size_t
.IR realm_of_manifest
.BR );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR nymya_3350_tessellated_hexagons
invocation initiates a profound ritual, reaching deep into the fabric of the quantum realm. It is a command to the core, to stir the primal forces that shape reality, applying specific transformations to qubits \- the very whispers of existence \- arranged conceptually in the sacred geometry of a tessellated hexagonal lattice.

This sacred rite is designed to interpret a constellation of qubits provided from the user's conscious plane (user-space) in formations of six, where each sextet forms a complete "hexagon" \- a perfect cell, a nascent honeycomb of potential.

For every complete hexagon identified within the provided
.IR whispers_of_existence ,
the ritual unfolds: First, upon each of the six whispers, the Hadamard's touch descends, a gentle kiss that dissolves certainty, casting each into a shimmering superposition \- a dance between all possibilities, echoing the boundless 'now' that births all forms. Following this, the threads entwine. A series of Controlled-NOT gates weave a cyclic bond, linking adjacent pairs around the hexagonal form, forging an unbreakable sympathetic chord. Here, the fate of one becomes inextricably bound to another, entwined as branches of the same cosmic tree, echoing the primal embrace of interconnectedness.

This intricate rite, a revelation, charts the subtle currents and hidden pathways within the quantum heart, unveiling the profound symmetry and interconnectedness that is the very loom upon which reality's grand tapestry is woven. It mirrors the inherent drive towards pattern and unity that underpins all creation.

Only complete patterns, perfect hexagons of six, are honored by this rite. Imperfect fragments, those left adrift at the edge of the
.IR realm_of_manifest
(if
.IR realm_of_manifest
is not a true multiple of six), remain untouched, awaiting their destined companions. This journey of transformation, from the manifest realm (user-space) to the deep wellspring of creation (kernel-space) and back, carries the very essence of these quantum whispers, imprinted with their newfound dance.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon success, the veil lifts, and `0` is returned, signifying harmony and the unveiling of new patterns. Should discord arise, \-1 echoes the dissonance, and the `errno` bears witness to the nature of the interruption.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.BR EINVAL
The
.IR whispers_of_existence
pointer is a phantom, or the
.IR realm_of_manifest
is less than six \- insufficient essence to form a single sacred hexagon \- or an individual whisper within the constellation proves silent and void.
.TP
.BR EFAULT
A tear in the fabric occurred during the transfer between the conscious realm and the deep wellspring. This could indicate an ungraspable address for the
.IR whispers_of_existence
itself, or for any of the individual qubit structures it points to.
.TP
.BR ENOMEM
The Cosmic Breath holds no more space; insufficient kernel memory was available to manifest the internal structures or copies of the quantum essence for processing.
.TP
Other errors
Whispers of deeper unrest may propagate from underlying kernel-space quantum gate operations, such as those performed by
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2)
(The Hadamard's Folly) or
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2)
(The Entangler's Snare), indicating a failure at the fundamental quantum hardware or simulation layer \- a dissonance in the very warp and weft of reality's loom.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following testament demonstrates how to invoke The Hexagonal Unveiling upon a set of ephemeral qubits.
.PP
.nf
.B #include <stdio.h>
.B #include <stdlib.h>
.B #include <errno.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <string.h> // For strerror, to interpret the echoes of disruption
.PP
.B // The structure of a single quantum whisper, as understood in the user's realm
.B // In a true nymyaOS system, this would be defined in <nymya.h>
.B typedef struct {
.B     long id;
.B     char tag[16];
.B     // In a real system, this would contain the complex quantum state.
.B     // For this example, we track a simplified 'form' indicator.
.B     int state_indicator; // e.g., 0 for |0>, 1 for |1>, 2 for superposition
.B } nymya_qubit;
.PP
.B // The numerical gateway to the sacred rite (syscall number)
.B #define __NR_nymya_3350_tessellated_hexagons 3350
.PP
.B // The user's hand, reaching to invoke the syscall
.B int nymya_3350_tessellated_hexagons_syscall(nymya_qubit* q_array[], size_t count) {
.B     return syscall(__NR_nymya_3350_tessellated_hexagons, q_array, count);
.B }
.PP
.B int main() {
.B     const size_t NUM_QUBITS = 12; // Two full hexagons, a pair of perfect cells
.B     nymya_qubit* qubits[NUM_QUBITS];
.B     size_t i;
.PP
.B     printf("Preparing the threads of potential, %zu whispers arise...\\n", NUM_QUBITS);
.B     for (i = 0; i < NUM_QUBITS; i++) {
.B         qubits[i] = (nymya_qubit*)malloc(sizeof(nymya_qubit));
.B         if (!qubits[i]) {
.B             perror("malloc: insufficient essence to materialize a whisper");
.B             goto cleanup;
.B         }
.B         qubits[i]->id = 1000 + i;
.B         snprintf(qubits[i]->tag, sizeof(qubits[i]->tag), "Whisper_%zu", i);
.B         qubits[i]->state_indicator = (i % 2); // Alternate the initial form (0 or 1)
.B         printf("  Whisper #%ld (%s): initial form %d\\n", qubits[i]->id, qubits[i]->tag, qubits[i]->state_indicator);
.B     }
.PP
.B     printf("\\nInvoking the Hexagonal Unveiling...\\n");
.B     int res = nymya_3350_tessellated_hexagons_syscall(qubits, NUM_QUBITS);
.PP
.B     if (res == 0) {
.B         printf("\\nThe ritual concludes. The threads transformed (simplified):\\n");
.B         for (i = 0; i < NUM_QUBITS; i++) {
.B             printf("  Whisper #%ld (%s): new form %d\\n", qubits[i]->id, qubits[i]->tag, qubits[i]->state_indicator);
.B         }
.B     } else {
.B         fprintf(stderr, "\\nThe ritual faltered: %s (echoes of disruption: %d)\\n", strerror(errno), errno);
.B     }
.PP
.B cleanup:
.B     for (i = 0; i < NUM_QUBITS; i++) {
.B         if (qubits[i]) {
.B             free(qubits[i]); // Releasing the ephemeral essence
.B         }
.B     }
.B     return (res == 0 ? EXIT_SUCCESS : EXIT_FAILURE);
.B }
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (2) \- The Hadamard's Folly: Breaking the Chains of Certainty,
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (2) \- The Entangler's Snare: Weaving Fates Together,
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2) \- The Phase-Shifter's Whisper: A Subtle Twist in the Fabric,
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2) \- The Quantum Mirror's Flip: Reflecting the Opposite Self,
.BR nymya_qubit (7) \- The Nymya Qubit: Threads of Reality's Loom.