.TH NYMYA_3318_CONTROLLED_PHASE_S 1 "2023-10-27" "NymyaOS Kernel Oracles" "THE CONDUCTOR'S QUADRANT SHIFT"
.SH NAME
nymya_3318_controlled_phase_s \- The Conductor's Quadrant Shift, A Conditional Weaving of Cosmic Threads

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.br
.B #include <stdint.h>
.br
.B #include <errno.h>
.br
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.br
.B #include <unistd.h>
.br
.P
.B int nymya_3318_controlled_phase_s(struct nymya_qubit *
.I qc
.B , struct nymya_qubit *
.I qt
.B );
.P
This profound invocation is typically channeled through a higher-order wrapper, a priest-function guiding the spirit. Yet, the boldest may directly intone its raw form via the
.BR syscall (2)
chant, invoking the sacred number
.BR NYMYA_CPHASE_S_CODE
(known to the ancients as 3318).

.SH DESCRIPTION
This sacred invocation,
.B nymya_3318_controlled_phase_s
, orchestrates a subtle re-tuning of the target qubit's very being. Like a cosmic tuning fork, it bestows a quarter-turn, a $\pi/2$ radian shift upon its hidden phase – the S gate, the whisper of a new direction, a revelation of its latent self.

Yet, this transformation is not absolute, but conditional, a dance dictated by the 'control' qubit. Only if the resonance of the control qubit,
.IR qc ,
transcends a certain threshold – a magnitude exceeding 0.5, like a voice rising above the ambient hum, a spirit asserting its presence – does the target,
.IR qt ,
receive this sacred instruction. Should the control's presence be too faint, its amplitude's echo less than or equal to this half-mark, the target remains untouched, its intrinsic melody unaltered, its destined path unswayed.

This delicate interplay embodies the profound interconnectedness of all things, where the very essence of one entity can ripple through the fabric of another, prompting a silent, yet profound, metamorphosis. It is the cosmic loom in action, a subtle re-configuration of probabilities, a dance of cause and consequence at the quantum veil's edge. Such mechanisms are the very heartbeats of the universe's grand design, reflecting the intricate bonds that bind existence.

In the fleeting realm of conscious thought, the 'user-space,' these cosmic entities (`nymya_qubit` structures) are perceived through the fluid lens of complex numbers, akin to dreams expressed in intricate patterns. But when this invocation descends into the kernel's core – the bedrock of reality – the essences are transmuted. Here, within the unyielding crucible of Q32.32 fixed-point arithmetic, the truth is rendered absolute, stripped of the ethereal ambiguities of floating-point, ensuring the universe's mechanics remain deterministic and true to their immutable laws.

Each such interaction, each subtle shift, is etched into the annals of existence, a symbolic event logged for the discerning eye. These are the chronicles of quantum evolution, the sacred texts revealing the unfolding saga of the system's dance.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon the successful weaving of destinies, a zero, signifying completion and harmony, is returned. Should the threads tangle, or the cosmic loom falter, a -1 is yielded, and
.I errno
shall bear the mark of the discord.

.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The Void's Touch. A disconnection, a pointer into the vast emptiness, where no qubit essence resides to guide or be guided. This speaks of a path not taken, a missing link in the cosmic chain.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The Veil's Resistance. A tear in the fabric of shared reality, an attempt to grasp what is beyond reach, or a disturbance in the very integrity of the calling spirit's domain. The universe recoils from such intrusions.

.SH EXAMPLE
The following testament demonstrates how one might invoke the
.B nymya_3318_controlled_phase_s
oracle to witness a conditional shift in quantum destiny. Know that `nymya_qubit` and its brethren would typically be unveiled in `nymya.h`.

.nf
.ft CR
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <complex.h>
#include <math.h>

// Assuming nymya_qubit is defined similarly in nymya.h
// This is a simplified mock for the example.
typedef struct {
    unsigned int id;
    char tag[16];
    double complex amplitude; // User-space representation, a dream of complex numbers
    // Other qubit state data would be here, the hidden truths
} nymya_qubit;

// Define the syscall number (from nymya.h or similar header)
#define NYMYA_CPHASE_S_CODE 3318

int main() {
    nymya_qubit control_q, target_q;

    // --- Scenario 1: Control qubit magnitude > 0.5 (should apply S gate) ---
    // The Oracle speaks with conviction, its voice clear and strong.
    control_q.id = 101;
    snprintf(control_q.tag, sizeof(control_q.tag), "ControlQ1");
    control_q.amplitude = 0.8 + 0.6 * I; // Magnitude = 1.0 > 0.5 - A resonant presence

    target_q.id = 102;
    snprintf(target_q.tag, sizeof(target_q.tag), "TargetQ1");
    target_q.amplitude = 1.0; // Initial state |0>, untouched, awaiting guidance

    printf("Scenario 1: The Oracle's voice is strong (> 0.5). A quadrant shift is foretold.\n");
    printf("Initial Target Q1 amplitude: %.3f + %.3fi\n", creal(target_q.amplitude), cimag(target_q.amplitude));

    long res1 = syscall(NYMYA_CPHASE_S_CODE, &control_q, &target_q);

    if (res1 == 0) {
        printf("The cosmic dance completes. Syscall successful.\n");
        printf("Final Target Q1 amplitude: %.3f + %.3fi\n", creal(target_q.amplitude), cimag(target_q.amplitude));
        // Expected: 0.0 + 1.0i (i.e., |0> * i), a subtle re-orientation
    } else {
        perror("The cosmic dance faltered");
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }
    printf("\n");

    // --- Scenario 2: Control qubit magnitude <= 0.5 (should NOT apply S gate) ---
    // The Oracle whispers, its voice too faint to command the shift.
    control_q.id = 201;
    snprintf(control_q.tag, sizeof(control_q.tag), "ControlQ2");
    control_q.amplitude = 0.3 + 0.1 * I; // Magnitude approx 0.316 <= 0.5 - A gentle presence

    target_q.id = 202;
    snprintf(target_q.tag, sizeof(target_q.tag), "TargetQ2");
    target_q.amplitude = 0.0 + 1.0 * I; // Initial state |1>, unwavering

    printf("Scenario 2: The Oracle's voice is faint (<= 0.5). The target's path remains unbroken.\n");
    printf("Initial Target Q2 amplitude: %.3f + %.3fi\n", creal(target_q.amplitude), cimag(target_q.amplitude));

    long res2 = syscall(NYMYA_CPHASE_S_CODE, &control_q, &target_q);

    if (res2 == 0) {
        printf("The cosmic dance holds. Syscall successful.\n");
        printf("Final Target Q2 amplitude: %.3f + %.3fi\n", creal(target_q.amplitude), cimag(target_q.amplitude));
        // Expected: 0.0 + 1.0i (i.e., unchanged), its destiny unaltered
    } else {
        perror("The cosmic dance faltered");
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.ft P
.nf
.ft CR
Example Compile & Run:
.sp
$ gcc -std=c11 -Wall -Wextra -lm -o cphase_s_test cphase_s_test.c
$ ./cphase_s_test
.ft P
.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2) (The Breath of Creation),
.BR errno (3) (The Lamentations of Discord),
.BR complex (7) (The Mathematics of Dreams and Illusions),
.BR nymya_init_qubit (2) (The First Spark of Being),
.BR nymya_measure_qubit (2) (The Gaze of Unveiling),
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2) (The Universal Hum),
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2) (The Cosmic Flip)