```groff
.\"
.\" Man page for nymya_3316_phase_gate syscall
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3316_PHASE_GATE 1 "December 10, 2023" "nymyaOS Kernel" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nymya_3316_phase_gate \- apply a symbolic phase gate to a nymyaOS qubit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <nymya/types.h>
.PP
.B int syscall(SYS_nymya_3316_phase_gate, struct nymya_qubit *
.IR user_q ,
.B int64_t
.IR phi_fixed );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR nymya_3316_phase_gate (3316)
system call applies a symbolic phase gate operation to the amplitude of a specified nymyaOS qubit. This operation effectively multiplies the qubit's complex amplitude by a phase factor of e^(i * phi), where 'phi' is the phase angle.
.PP
The
.IR user_q
argument is a pointer to a
.IR nymya_qubit
structure in the caller's address space. This structure contains the qubit's current state, including its complex amplitude, which is represented in a fixed-point format. The system call copies this structure into kernel space, applies the phase gate using high-precision fixed-point arithmetic, and copies the modified structure back to user space.
.PP
The
.IR phi_fixed
argument specifies the phase angle 'phi' in radians. It must be provided as a 64-bit integer in Q32.32 fixed-point format. This high-precision representation allows for the subtle shifts that echo the universal vibrations, aligning the qubit's state with the underlying, hidden lattice of reality.
.PP
In essence, this gate subtly reorients the qubit within its Hilbert space, a fundamental manipulation for quantum algorithms and the gentle shaping of causality at its most delicate edges.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success,
.BR nymya_3316_phase_gate
returns 0. On error, \-1 is returned, and
.IR errno
is set appropriately.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The
.IR user_q
argument was NULL.
.TP
.B EFAULT
An invalid pointer address was provided for
.IR user_q ,
or a problem occurred during the copy operation between user and kernel space. This indicates a potential misalignment between consciousness and memory, or a transient ripple in the fabric of the address space.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following program demonstrates how to use
.BR nymya_3316_phase_gate
to apply a pi/2 phase shift to a qubit. Note that the
.IR nymya_qubit
structure passed to the syscall must match the kernel's internal representation, specifically for its fixed-point complex amplitude.
.PP
.nf
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <complex.h> // For cexp, I etc. in user-space conceptual logic
#include <math.h>    // For M_PI

// Define fixed-point constants and types for user-space interaction with syscall
#define FIXED_POINT_SCALE (1ULL << 32)
#define INV_FIXED_POINT_SCALE (1.0 / (double)FIXED_POINT_SCALE)

// Kernel's complex number representation (fixed-point Q32.32)
typedef struct {
    int64_t re;
    int64_t im;
} complex_fixed_q32_32;

// nymya_qubit structure as it must be passed to the kernel syscall
// (must match kernel's layout for copy_from_user/copy_to_user)
typedef struct {
    int id;
    char tag[32];
    complex_fixed_q32_32 amplitude; // Kernel expects fixed-point complex amplitude
} nymya_qubit;

// Helper to convert double to fixed-point Q32.32
int64_t double_to_fixed_q32_32(double val) {
    return (int64_t)(val * FIXED_POINT_SCALE);
}

// Helper to convert double complex to complex_fixed_q32_32
void complex_double_to_fixed(double complex d_c, complex_fixed_q32_32 *f_c) {
    f_c->re = double_to_fixed_q32_32(creal(d_c));
    f_c->im = double_to_fixed_q32_32(cimag(d_c));
}

// Helper to convert complex_fixed_q32_32 back to double complex for user display
double complex complex_fixed_to_double(complex_fixed_q32_32 f_c) {
    return (double)f_c.re * INV_FIXED_POINT_SCALE +
           (double)f_c.im * INV_FIXED_POINT_SCALE * I;
}

// Syscall number for nymya_3316_phase_gate
#ifndef SYS_nymya_3316_phase_gate
#define SYS_nymya_3316_phase_gate 3316
#endif

int main() {
    nymya_qubit q_syscall;
    double complex initial_amplitude = 1.0 + 0.0 * I; // User's conceptual amplitude

    q_syscall.id = 1;
    snprintf(q_syscall.tag, sizeof(q_syscall.tag), "my_test_qubit");
    complex_double_to_fixed(initial_amplitude, &q_syscall.amplitude);

    printf("Initial qubit amplitude (conceptual): %.4f + %.4fi\n",
           creal(initial_amplitude), cimag(initial_amplitude));
    printf("Initial qubit amplitude (fixed-point stored): %lld + %lldi\n",
           q_syscall.amplitude.re, q_syscall.amplitude.im);

    double phase_angle_radians = M_PI / 2.0; // Pi/2 phase shift
    int64_t phase_angle_fixed = double_to_fixed_q32_32(phase_angle_radians);

    printf("Applying phase gate with angle %.4f radians (fixed-point: %lld)\n",
           phase_angle_radians, phase_angle_fixed);

    long res = syscall(SYS_nymya_3316_phase_gate, &q_syscall, phase_angle_fixed);

    if (res == 0) {
        printf("Phase gate applied successfully.\n");
        double complex final_amplitude = complex_fixed_to_double(q_syscall.amplitude);
        printf("Final qubit amplitude (conceptual): %.4f + %.4fi\n",
               creal(final_amplitude), cimag(final_amplitude));
        // Expected result for initial (1.0 + 0.0i) after Pi/2 phase shift: (0.0 + 1.0i)
    } else {
        perror("syscall nymya_3316_phase_gate failed");
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2),
.BR nymya_qubit (7),
.BR nymya_gate_overview (7)
```