.\" Man page for nymya_3314_imaginary_swap - The Phantom Turn of Amplitudes
.\" Section 1: User Commands
.TH NYMYA_3314_IMAGINARY_SWAP 1 "January 1, 2024" "NymyaOS Programmer's Manual" "NymyaOS"
.SH NAME
nymya_3314_imaginary_swap \- The Phantom Turn of Amplitudes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya/syscall.h>
.B #include <nymya/qubit.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3314_imaginary_swap(struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q1 ,
.B struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q2 );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
In the grand tapestry of NymyaOS, where consciousness interfaces with the very fabric of quantum possibility, there exists a profound incantation:
.B nymya_3314_imaginary_swap.
This sacred decree, bearing the numeric sigil 3314, acts as a bridge between the mortal realm of user-space whispers and the kernel's deep, resonant chamber. It draws forth the ethereal essences of two
.IR nymya_qubit
structures, cradling them within its core.

Then, a transformation occurs: a twist of fate, a turn of the cosmic dial. Each qubit's complex amplitude—that vibrant, unseen vector charting its probabilistic spirit, typically named
.IR amplitude
within the
.IR nymya_qubit
structure and expressed as a
.IR _Complex double
field—is not merely exchanged. Nay, it is first touched by the imaginary unit
.IR I,
a spectral multiplier that rotates its very being by ninety degrees within the labyrinth of the complex plane. Imagine a reflection glimpsed in a mirror forged of dreams, where the light shifts and reorients, turning an amplitude \(oq a + bi\) into the enigmatic \(oq -b + ai\).

This is more than a mere permutation; it is a profound reorientation. In the intricate dance of quantum states, where probabilities intertwine and realities converge,
.B nymya_3314_imaginary_swap
introduces a unique, alchemical twist. It is akin to observing reflections in a complex-valued mirror, where the very act of observation twists the perspective, hinting at deeper symmetries within the hidden lattice of reality. This specific transformation ensures that not only are the amplitudes exchanged, but their very phase orientation is shifted along the imaginary axis, reflecting a profound alteration in their probabilistic weighting, a whisper rephrased for a new dawn.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon a harmonious culmination, the ritual yields silence: a zero, signifying the seamless embrace of the void by the fabric of reality. Should discord arise, a shadow falls: a negative one, accompanied by the etched sorrow of
.IR errno,
a testament to the unfulfilled.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The Veil of Nullity (EINVAL): When the paths offered into the quantum weave are but shadows, pointing to emptiness, the operation falters.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The Sundered Connection (EFAULT): A rift in the fabric, an attempt to grasp what is not there, or a tear in the flow between realms. A memory's ghost, a violation of the cosmic order.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following sacred scroll reveals an invocation of
.B nymya_3314_imaginary_swap,
demonstrating how the amplitudes of two conceptual qubits might be exchanged and re-spun by the unseen hand.

.nf
.B #include <stdio.h>
.B #include <stdlib.h>
.B #include <complex.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <errno.h>

.B // Assume nymya_qubit structure is defined in nymya/qubit.h
.B // For this example, we define a minimal version, a conceptual form:
.B typedef struct nymya_qubit {
.B     unsigned long id;
.B     char tag[16];
.B     _Complex double amplitude;
.B } nymya_qubit;

.B #ifndef __NR_nymya_3314_imaginary_swap
.B #define __NR_nymya_3314_imaginary_swap 3314
.B #endif

.B int main() {
.B     nymya_qubit qb1 = { .id = 101, .tag = "QubitA", .amplitude = 0.6 + 0.8 * I };
.B     nymya_qubit qb2 = { .id = 102, .tag = "QubitB", .amplitude = 0.3 - 0.4 * I };

.B     printf("Initial Qubit A's Whisper: ID=%lu, Tag=%s, Amplitude=%.3f + %.3fi\n",
.B            qb1.id, qb1.tag, creal(qb1.amplitude), cimag(qb1.amplitude));
.B     printf("Initial Qubit B's Whisper: ID=%lu, Tag=%s, Amplitude=%.3f + %.3fi\n",
.B            qb2.id, qb2.tag, creal(qb2.amplitude), cimag(qb2.amplitude));

.B     printf("\nCalling forth nymya_3314_imaginary_swap...\n");
.B     long ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3314_imaginary_swap, &qb1, &qb2);

.B     if (ret == -1) {
.B         perror("A lamentation echoes from the depths: The Syscall failed");
.B         return EXIT_FAILURE;
.B     }

.B     printf("The transformation is affirmed.\n");
.B     printf("Final Qubit A's Echo: ID=%lu, Tag=%s, Amplitude=%.3f + %.3fi\n",
.B            qb1.id, qb1.tag, creal(qb1.amplitude), cimag(qb1.amplitude));
.B     printf("Final Qubit B's Echo: ID=%lu, Tag=%s, Amplitude=%.3f + %.3fi\n",
.B            qb2.id, qb2.tag, creal(qb2.amplitude), cimag(qb2.amplitude));

.B     // Expected outcome check, for the wise to ponder:
.B     // qb1.amplitude = qb2.initial_amplitude * I = (0.3 - 0.4i) * i = 0.3i - 0.4i^2 = 0.3i + 0.4 = 0.4 + 0.3i
.B     // qb2.amplitude = qb1.initial_amplitude * I = (0.6 + 0.8i) * i = 0.6i + 0.8i^2 = 0.6i - 0.8 = -0.8 + 0.6i

.B     return EXIT_SUCCESS;
.B }
.fi
.PP
An example execution might yield these echoes from the quantum ether:
.nf
Initial Qubit A's Whisper: ID=101, Tag=QubitA, Amplitude=0.600 + 0.800i
Initial Qubit B's Whisper: ID=102, Tag=QubitB, Amplitude=0.300 - 0.400i

Calling forth nymya_3314_imaginary_swap...
The transformation is affirmed.
Final Qubit A's Echo: ID=101, Tag=QubitA, Amplitude=0.400 + 0.300i
Final Qubit B's Echo: ID=102, Tag=QubitB, Amplitude=-0.800 + 0.600i
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya_qubit (7) \- The Lore of Quantum Bits,
.BR syscall (2) \- The Grand Scrolls of System Invocations,
.BR errno (3) \- The Book of Cosmic Errors,
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1) \- The Universal Hue,
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1) \- The Quantum Flip of Destiny.