.TH NYMYA_3333_C_V 1 "$(date +%Y-%m-%d)" "nymyaOS Kernel Syscalls" "nymyaOS Manual"
.SH NAME
nymya_3333_c_v \- The Loom of Conditional Unveiling: A Controlled-V Quantum Transformation
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft C
#include <nymya.h> // For the essence of nymya_qubit
#include <unistd.h> // For the voice of syscall(2)
#include <sys/syscall.h> // For the divine decree of SYS_nymya_3333_c_v

int nymya_3333_c_v(nymya_qubit *qc, nymya_qubit *qt);

long syscall(SYS_nymya_3333_c_v, nymya_qubit *qc, nymya_qubit *qt);
.ft P
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Within the quantum loom of nymyaOS, the \fBnymya_3333_c_v\fR syscall invokes a profound and subtle act of conditional transformation: the Controlled-V quantum gate. Here, V is not merely a gate, but the very square root of the Pauli-X operation (\fBsqrt(X)\fR) – a half-turn, a whisper of negation, a partial unraveling of state. This gate orchestrates a delicate interplay, where the destiny of a \fItarget qubit\fR (\fIqt\fR) is poised upon the very state of a \fIcontrol qubit\fR (\fIqc\fR).

The heart of this operation lies in the control's assertion. Should the \fIcontrol qubit\fR's amplitude reveal a strong leaning towards the |1⟩ state—its squared magnitude surpassing a cosmic threshold of 0.25—then the \fBsqrt(X)\fR gate, a gentle nudge toward its opposite, is applied to the \fItarget qubit\fR. This is a moment of potentiality actualized, a ripple of influence spreading from controller to controlled.

Conversely, if the control's voice is but a faint echo of |1⟩, if its leaning falls below this critical threshold, then the fabric of the \fItarget qubit\fR remains undisturbed. No transformation occurs; its state persists, unburdened by the conditional decree.

This syscall is more than an algorithm; it is a reflection of the universe's inherent interconnectedness, where one entity's disposition can subtly, yet profoundly, re-sculpt the probabilities of another. It is the silent accord between entangled realities. The \fIqc\fR and \fIqt\fR arguments, though mere pointers to structures residing in user-space, are conduits across the veil; the kernel, as custodian of quantum reality, meticulously shepherds their essence to and from its sacred memory regions, ensuring both secure passage and efficient execution of this quantum dance.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon the successful weaving of this quantum condition, a harmonious zero is returned. Should the fabric tear or the decree falter, a negative errno value, a lament from the system, is returned.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
\fBEINVAL\fR
A null whisper, an empty vessel. The provided \fIqc\fR or \fIqt\fR pointers hold no valid essence within user-space, an unanchored thought in the quantum void.
.TP
\fBEFAULT\fR
A tremble in the bridge, a tear in the veil between user and kernel space. A problem arose during the sacred transfer of qubit data, indicating a disruption in memory's flow.
.TP
Other
Echoes of deeper discord may propagate from the fundamental quantum operations, such as \fBnymya_3307_sqrt_x_gate\fR(3nymya), should the controlled condition ignite the underlying transformation, only for that transformation to encounter its own fundamental impediment.
.SH EXAMPLE
Behold, a glimpse into the mechanics of this conditional fate. The following program illustrates the two pathways of the \fBnymya_3333_c_v\fR syscall: one where the control's will is manifest, and another where its influence remains dormant.

.EX
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h> // For strerror
#include <complex.h> // For _Complex double
#include <math.h>    // For cabs

// Simplified nymya_qubit structure for example (as seen by userland)
// In a true nymyaOS, this profound structure would be defined within <nymya.h>
typedef struct nymya_qubit {
    unsigned long id;
    unsigned long tag;
    _Complex double amplitude; // The very heartbeat of the quantum state
    // ... other esoteric state fields would typically reside here ...
} nymya_qubit;

// Define the syscall number (a numerical decree, typically from <sys/syscall.h> in nymyaOS)
#ifndef SYS_nymya_3333_c_v
#define SYS_nymya_3333_c_v 3333
#endif

int main() {
    nymya_qubit control_q, target_q;
    int ret;

    // --- Case 1: The Control Qubit Asserts its Presence (predominantly |1>) ---
    control_q.id = 1;
    control_q.tag = 0xbeef;
    // We set its amplitude such that its magnitude squared exceeds 0.25 (e.g., cabs(amplitude) > 0.5)
    control_q.amplitude = 0.2 + 0.8 * I; // Magnitude: sqrt(0.04 + 0.64) = sqrt(0.68) ≈ 0.82

    target_q.id = 2;
    target_q.tag = 0xcafe;
    target_q.amplitude = 1.0 + 0.0 * I; // An initial state of pure |0> for contemplation

    printf("Initial states, before the conditional decree:\n");
    printf("  Control Qubit (ID %lu): Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi (Magnitude: %.2f)\n",
           control_q.id, creal(control_q.amplitude), cimag(control_q.amplitude), cabs(control_q.amplitude));
    printf("  Target Qubit (ID %lu):  Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi (Magnitude: %.2f)\n",
           target_q.id, creal(target_q.amplitude), cimag(target_q.amplitude), cabs(target_q.amplitude));

    printf("\nInvoking nymya_3333_c_v, with control predominantly asserting |1>...\n");
    ret = syscall(SYS_nymya_3333_c_v, &control_q, &target_q);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("The syscall completed its weaving successfully. The target qubit (ID %lu) has been touched by the sqrt(X) transformation.\n", target_q.id);
        printf("Observe the subtle interplay: the target qubit's reality shifted, guided by the unseen influence of its entangled sibling.\n");
        // Note: The actual new amplitude of target_q is now updated within the `target_q` struct
        // by the kernel's gentle hand. Here, we speak of its conceptual transformation.
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "The syscall faltered: %d (%s)\n", errno, strerror(errno));
    }

    printf("\n---\n\n");

    // --- Case 2: The Control Qubit Remains in Quiet Reflection (predominantly |0>) ---
    control_q.id = 3;
    control_q.tag = 0xbada;
    // We set its amplitude such that its magnitude squared falls below 0.25 (e.g., cabs(amplitude) <= 0.5)
    control_q.amplitude = 0.4 + 0.1 * I; // Magnitude: sqrt(0.16 + 0.01) = sqrt(0.17) ≈ 0.41

    target_q.id = 4;
    target_q.tag = 0xdada;
    target_q.amplitude = 1.0 + 0.0 * I; // Reset target to its pure |0> state for renewed contemplation

    printf("Initial states, awaiting the conditional decree:\n");
    printf("  Control Qubit (ID %lu): Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi (Magnitude: %.2f)\n",
           control_q.id, creal(control_q.amplitude), cimag(control_q.amplitude), cabs(control_q.amplitude));
    printf("  Target Qubit (ID %lu):  Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi (Magnitude: %.2f)\n",
           target_q.id, creal(target_q.amplitude), cimag(target_q.amplitude), cabs(target_q.amplitude));

    printf("\nInvoking nymya_3333_c_v, with control remaining in |0>-like contemplation...\n");
    ret = syscall(SYS_nymya_3333_c_v, &control_q, &target_q);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("The syscall completed its observation. The target qubit (ID %lu) state was NOT transformed, for the control's decree was not met.\n", target_q.id);
        printf("Its reality remained undisturbed, untouched by the potential transformation.\n");
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "The syscall faltered: %d (%s)\n", errno, strerror(errno));
    }

    return 0;
}
.EE
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBnymya_3302_global_phase\fR(3nymya): The Shifting Sands of Universal Phase.
\fBnymya_3303_pauli_x\fR(3nymya): The Echo of Negation.
\fBnymya_3307_sqrt_x_gate\fR(3nymya): The Half-Step of Transformation.
\fBsyscall\fR(2): The Voice of the Kernel.
\fBqubit\fR(7nymya): The Fundamental Threads of Reality.