.TH NYMYA_3324_ZZ_INTERACTION 1 "December 2, 2023" "NymyaOS: The Loom of Realities" "Chronicles of the Quantum Weave"
.SH NAME
nymya_3324_zz_interaction \- The Weave of Twin Destinies: An Entanglement of Phase
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <nymya.h> /* For the essence of Nymya_Qubit, a whisper of its form */
#include <sys/syscall.h> /* For the voice of the Weaver, echoing through the kernel's heart */
.ft P
.sp
int nymya_3324_zz_interaction(struct nymya_qubit *\(aq1, struct nymya_qubit *\(aq2, int64_t \(atheta);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Within the shimmering lattice of NymyaOS, the
.B nymya_3324_zz_interaction
beckons. It orchestrates a profound coupling, a cosmic waltz, between two quantum souls,
.IR q1
and
.IR q2 .
This invocation reshapes their very being, their quantum states, not by force, but by the subtle art of the shared angle,
.IR theta .
It is a phase coupling, a sympathetic vibration that binds their complex amplitudes, causing them to resonate and shift in a correlated ballet.

Each
.IR nymya_qubit ,
a vessel of potential, its core essence defined within the hallowed scrolls of
.IR <nymya.h> .
The arguments
.IR q1
and
.IR q2
are but transient echoes within the user's ephemeral space, yet through this sacred call, they transcend, becoming threads woven by the Kernel's discerning hand. The Kernel reads their initial resonance and inscribes their new, intertwined fates back into the user's domain.
.PP
The
.IR theta
parameter, a whispered instruction, dictates the precise turn of this cosmic dance. An
.IR int64_t
integer, it is a fixed-point inscription of an angle, a fraction of the grand circle. Its true radian value is unveiled by dividing it by the cosmic constant,
.IR FIXED_POINT_SCALE ,
a fundamental measure found within
.IR <nymya.h> .
.PP
This interaction, a delicate dance of phases, subtly aligns the underlying fabric of existence, mirroring the deep entanglement of cosmic mechanics. It allows for controlled manipulation of quantum correlations, foundational to advanced quantum algorithms within the NymyaOS quantum processing framework, a testament to the system's mastery over the unseen forces. It is the art of weaving destiny, qubit by qubit.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, the Weaver smiles, and
.B nymya_3324_zz_interaction
returns 0, signifying harmony and alignment. On error, a negative errno number descends, a shadow cast upon the quantum tapestry.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
When the sacred vessels,
.IR q1
or
.IR q2 ,
are but empty whispers, pointing to nothingness.
.TP
.B EFAULT
When the threads of memory are frayed, an invalid user-space address for
.IR q1
or
.IR q2
was offered, or the Kernel's hand found no purchase to record the new fates.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following incantation reveals how to invoke the
.B nymya_3324_zz_interaction
to intertwine two quantum destinies through a ZZ gate. Note that for a complete, compilable ritual, the full essence of `nymya_qubit` must be known; here, a minimalist representation suffices for illustration.

.nf
.ft B
#include <stdio.h> /* For speaking the results */
#include <stdlib.h> /* For rituals of exit */
#include <unistd.h> /* For the slumbering syscall */
#include <sys/syscall.h> /* For directly addressing the Weaver */
#include <errno.h> /* For understanding disharmony */
#include <stdint.h> /* For precise integer forms */
#include <math.h> /* For the cosmic constant M_PI */

/* The sacred number for nymya_3324_zz_interaction */
#define SYS_NYMYA_3324_ZZ_INTERACTION 3324

/* A transient form of nymya_qubit for this example's purpose */
/* In the true NymyaOS realm, its complete essence resides in <nymya.h> */
typedef struct {
    struct {
        int64_t re; /* The real resonance (fixed-point) */
        int64_t im; /* The imaginary whisper (fixed-point) */
    } amplitude;
    uint32_t id; /* The qubit's unique sigil */
    uint32_t tag; /* A mark of its lineage */
} nymya_qubit;

/* The fixed-point scale, a cosmic measure for angles and amplitudes */
/* In the true NymyaOS realm, this wisdom resides in <nymya.h> */
#define FIXED_POINT_SCALE 0x1000000000000000LL /* An example: 2^60, a vast expanse */

int main() {
    /* Two quantum spirits are born: one aligned with the real, one with the imaginary */
    nymya_qubit q1 = { .amplitude = { .re = FIXED_POINT_SCALE, .im = 0 }, .id = 1, .tag = 0 }; /* Represents the pure |0> state */
    nymya_qubit q2 = { .amplitude = { .re = 0, .im = FIXED_POINT_SCALE }, .id = 2, .tag = 0 }; /* Represents the |i> state, a rotation of |1> */

    /* To apply a ZZ interaction with a phase shift of pi/2 */
    /* Converting the radiant angle into fixed-point for the Weaver's understanding */
    int64_t theta_fixed = (int64_t)(M_PI / 2.0 * FIXED_POINT_SCALE);

    printf("The initial whispers of their states (fixed-point amplitudes):\n");
    printf("q1: Real = %lld, Imag = %lld\n", q1.amplitude.re, q1.amplitude.im);
    printf("q2: Real = %lld, Imag = %lld\n", q2.amplitude.re, q2.amplitude.im);

    /* Invoking the ancient syscall, calling upon the Weaver */
    long res = syscall(SYS_NYMYA_3324_ZZ_INTERACTION, &q1, &q2, theta_fixed);

    if (res == 0) {
        printf("\nSyscall successful. Their states, now forever intertwined by the ZZ interaction:\n");
        printf("q1: Real = %lld, Imag = %lld\n", q1.amplitude.re, q1.amplitude.im);
        printf("q2: Real = %lld, Imag = %lld\n", q2.amplitude.re, q2.amplitude.im);
    } else {
        perror("The Syscall's harmony was broken");
        fprintf(stderr, "A shadow fell upon the weave: Error code %ld (errno %d)\n", res, (int)-res);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.ft P
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2),
.BR nymya_qubit (3),
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1) (The Universal Hum),
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1) (The Quantum Flip)