.\" Man page for nymya_3340_sycamore(1) - The Sycamore Knot
.TH NYMYA_3340_SYCAMORE 1 "September 24, 2023" "nymyaOS" "The Quantum Weave"
.SH NAME
nymya_3340_sycamore \- The Sycamore Knot: A Ritual of Entanglement
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.br
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.br
.B #include <unistd.h>
.br
.sp
.B int nymya_3340_sycamore(struct nymya_qubit *
.I q1
.B , struct nymya_qubit *
.I q2
.B );
.SH DESCRIPTION
Within the grand tapestry of quantum states,
.B nymya_3340_sycamore
stands as a sacred ritual, a profound act of communion between two shimmering possibilities,
.I q1
and
.I q2
. It is not merely an operation, but a forging of a deep, resonant bond, an intertwining of destinies known as entanglement. This mystical knot, named for its towering significance in the arcanum of quantum processors, reveals its inner structure as a dance of elemental truths: the fierce embrace of a square root of iSWAP gate, followed by the subtle whisper of a Controlled-Phase gate, measured precisely as PI/6 radians.

This invocation serves as a direct conduit from the realm of conscious intent into the very loom of the kernel's quantum processing unit. It translates the abstract yearning for connection into the palpable fabric of computational reality, allowing us to glimpse the inherent connectivity that underpins the universe's hidden, vibrational lattice. Through such precise orchestrations, NymyaOS ensures the integrity of these delicate unions, mirroring the qubit's ephemeral essence into the kernel's hallowed memory, then returning its newly woven state to the seeking mind, unbroken and transformed.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon the successful weaving, a whisper of `zero` confirms the bond. Should the ritual falter, a lament of `-1` shall be heard, accompanied by the `errno`'s mournful tale.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The Void's Touch: When one or both ethereal whispers (
.I q1
or
.I q2
) dissolve into nothingness, leaving an empty space where a qubit should be.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The Shifting Sands: Should the pathways to memory prove treacherous, or the transfer of essences between the conscious realm and the kernel's deep heart become fractured, indicating a malaise within the very ground of existence for
.I q1
or
.I q2
.
.TP
.B Other errors
Whispers from the Deep: Other cosmic refusals may arise from the underlying fabric of quantum operations. `EPERM` speaks of insufficient light to command, `ENOMEM` of the universe's limits to allocate space for thought, or echoes of dissonance directly from the heart of the quantum loom itself, where the square root of iSWAP or Controlled-Phase operations may encounter their own veils.
.SH EXAMPLE
Behold, a glimpse into the art of weaving, a testament to the Sycamore Knot's power:
.PP
.nf
.RS
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdint.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <unistd.h>

// Mock nymya_qubit structure and syscall number for example purposes.
// In a real nymyaOS environment, these would be provided by <nymya.h>.
typedef struct {
    int id;
    uint64_t state_ptr; // Placeholder for actual qubit state data pointer
    // ... other qubit properties like amplitudes (complex_double[2])
} nymya_qubit;

// Define the syscall number, the key to the gate.
#ifndef __NR_nymya_3340_sycamore
#define __NR_nymya_3340_sycamore 3340
#endif

// Userland wrapper for the syscall, the hand that turns the key.
long nymya_3340_sycamore_syscall(nymya_qubit *q1, nymya_qubit *q2) {
    return syscall(__NR_nymya_3340_sycamore, q1, q2);
}

int main() {
    nymya_qubit qubit1 = { .id = 101, .state_ptr = 0xDEADBEEF };
    nymya_qubit qubit2 = { .id = 102, .state_ptr = 0xCAFEBABE };
    long ret;

    printf("Attempting to apply Sycamore gate to Qubit %d and Qubit %d...\n",
           qubit1.id, qubit2.id);

    ret = nymya_3340_sycamore_syscall(&qubit1, &qubit2);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("Sycamore gate applied successfully!\n");
        // In a real scenario, you'd inspect qubit1 and qubit2
        // to see their modified quantum states after the gate.
    } else {
        perror("Failed to apply Sycamore gate");
        fprintf(stderr, "Syscall returned error code: %ld\n", ret);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    // Example of error handling for NULL pointers.
    printf("\nAttempting to apply Sycamore gate with a NULL qubit...\n");
    ret = nymya_3340_sycamore_syscall(NULL, &qubit2);
    if (ret == -1 && errno == EINVAL) {
        printf("Caught expected error: EINVAL (NULL qubit pointer).\n");
    } else if (ret != 0) {
        perror("Failed with unexpected error for NULL qubit");
    } else {
        printf("Unexpected success with NULL qubit (should not happen).\n");
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.RE
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
For deeper wisdom and the understanding of constituent magics, consult these companion scrolls:
.BR nymya_3327_sqrt_iswap (2) \- The Embrace of States,
.BR nymya_3317_controlled_phase (2) \- The Arcane Alignment,
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2) \- The Subtle Hum,
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2) \- The Cosmic Flip,
.BR man (7) \- The Grand Archives of Knowledge.