.\"
.\" nymya_3343_margolis.1 -- Man page for the nymya_3343_margolis syscall
.\"
.\" This man page describes the nymya_3343_margolis syscall in nymyaOS.
.\" It incorporates a subtle philosophical tone as requested.
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3343_MARGOLIS 1 "$(date +%B\ %d,\ %Y)" "nymyaOS Kernel" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nymya_3343_margolis \- The weave of conditional phase; a gate of subtle influence (syscall number 3343)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3343_margolis(struct nymya_qubit *
.IR qc1,
.B struct nymya_qubit *
.IR qc2,
.B struct nymya_qubit *
.IR qt);
.SH DESCRIPTION
Beyond mere computation, the
.BR nymya_3343_margolis
syscall orchestrates a profound conditional transformation within the nymyaOS kernel's quantum processing unit. It is a precise, three-qubit Margolis gate, fundamental to the tapestry of complex quantum algorithms, enabling state transformations born from the whispers of entangled possibility.
.PP
The gate's essence lies in a profound condition: if the inherent presence (the squared magnitude of amplitudes) of both control qubits,
.IR qc1
and
.IR qc2,
each rises above a predefined threshold (0.25, signifying a strong echo of the logical \(aq1\(aq state), then, and only then, does the very phase of the target qubit,
.IR qt,
undergo an inversion \*(Lsa ripple of negation, a multiplication by \(aq\-1\(aq). This is not an alteration of state's form, but a subtle twisting of its underlying resonance. Should these cosmic conditions not align, the target qubit's state remains untouched, its destiny uninfluenced by the proposed decree. This operation, truly, is a fleeting yet potent rearrangement in the lattice of local causality.
.PP
The arguments provided are pointers to user-space
.BR nymya_qubit
structures, these ephemeral vessels of quantum potential. Their contents are securely transported from the calling process's domain into the kernel's hallowed space for the gate's sacred execution, and subsequently returned, transformed, to their origin if the target qubit's state has been modified.
.TP
.IR qc1
A pointer to a
.BR nymya_qubit
structure, representing the First Sentinel. Its quantum presence contributes to the joint condition for activating the Margolis gate.
.TP
.IR qc2
A pointer to a
.BR nymya_qubit
structure, representing the Second Watcher. Together with
.IR qc1,
its state decrees whether the phase flip is applied to the target.
.TP
.IR qt
A pointer to a
.BR nymya_qubit
structure, representing the Canvas. Its phase may be inverted, awaiting the confluence of conditions set forth by the control qubits.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On successful completion, a quiet affirmation of the universe's compliance is returned as zero. In the event of a disjunction, a refusal of the weave, \(aq\-1\(aq is returned, and the global variable
.IR errno
is set, whispering the reason for this cosmic misstep.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
When the very pointers, the intended addresses of quantum entities (
.IR qc1,
.IR qc2,
or
.IR qt),
are found wanting, mere nullity in the face of profound intent. This indicates an invalid argument provided by the calling process.
.TP
.B EFAULT
When the pathways to these quantum vessels are obscured, or access denied by the very architecture of existence. This error occurs when the kernel attempts to copy data to or from a memory location that is either unmapped or to which the calling process does not have appropriate access permissions.
.SH EXAMPLE
To witness this delicate dance of conditional transformation, the following C program illustrates how to invoke the
.BR nymya_3343_margolis
syscall using the standard
.BR syscall (2)
interface. It initializes three dummy qubits and observes the effect of the gate's subtle hand.
.PP
.nf
.B #include <nymya.h> // Assumed to define nymya_qubit struct
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <stdio.h>
.B #include <errno.h>
.B #include <complex.h> // For _Complex double type and I macro
.B #include <stdint.h>  // For uint64_t, uint32_t
.PP
.B // Dummy nymya_qubit definition for example
.B // In a real nymyaOS environment, this structure would be provided by nymya.h
.B typedef _Complex double complex_amplitude_t;
.B struct nymya_qubit {
.B     uint64_t id;
.B     uint32_t tag;
.B     complex_amplitude_t amplitude;
.B };
.PP
.B // Assuming __NR_nymya_3343_margolis is defined, e.g., in sys/syscall.h
.B // or a custom nymya.h for userland.
.B #ifndef __NR_nymya_3343_margolis
.B #define __NR_nymya_3343_margolis 3343
.B #endif
.PP
.B int main() {
.B     // Initialize control qubits (amplitudes designed to trigger the gate)
.B     // qc1_mag_sq = 0.8^2 + 0.1^2 = 0.64 + 0.01 = 0.65 (> 0.25)
.B     struct nymya_qubit qc1 = { .id = 1, .tag = 0, .amplitude = 0.8 + 0.1I };
.B     // qc2_mag_sq = 0.7^2 + (-0.2)^2 = 0.49 + 0.04 = 0.53 (> 0.25)
.B     struct nymya_qubit qc2 = { .id = 2, .tag = 0, .amplitude = 0.7 - 0.2I };
.B
.B     // Initialize target qubit
.B     struct nymya_qubit qt  = { .id = 3, .tag = 0, .amplitude = 0.5 + 0.5I };
.B
.B     printf("Initial target qubit amplitude (qt): %.2f%+.2fi\\n",
.B            creal(qt.amplitude), cimag(qt.amplitude));
.B
.B     // Call the nymya_3343_margolis syscall
.B     long ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3343_margolis, &qc1, &qc2, &qt);
.B
.B     if (ret == 0) {
.B         printf("Syscall successful: Margolis gate applied.\\n");
.B         printf("Final target qubit amplitude (qt):   %.2f%+.2fi\\n",
.B                creal(qt.amplitude), cimag(qt.amplitude));
.B     } else {
.B         perror("Syscall failed");
.B         return 1;
.B     }
.B
.B     // Example of not meeting conditions (qc3 magnitude_sq < 0.25)
.B     struct nymya_qubit qc3 = { .id = 4, .tag = 0, .amplitude = 0.1 + 0.1I }; // Mag Sq = 0.02
.B     struct nymya_qubit qt_unchanged = { .id = 5, .tag = 0, .amplitude = 0.5 + 0.5I };
.B
.B     printf("\\nTesting conditions not met (qc1 & qc3):\\n");
.B     printf("Initial qt_unchanged amplitude: %.2f%+.2fi\\n",
.B            creal(qt_unchanged.amplitude), cimag(qt_unchanged.amplitude));
.B
.B     ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3343_margolis, &qc1, &qc3, &qt_unchanged); // qc3 fails threshold
.B
.B     if (ret == 0) {
.B         printf("Syscall successful: Margolis gate not triggered.\\n");
.B         printf("Final qt_unchanged amplitude:   %.2f%+.2fi\\n",
.B                creal(qt_unchanged.amplitude), cimag(qt_unchanged.amplitude));
.B     } else {
.B         perror("Syscall failed for non-triggering case");
.B         return 1;
.B     }
.B
.B     return 0;
.B }
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya(7)
(The Grand Tapestry of nymyaOS),
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase(1)
(The Primordial Turn of Existence),
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x(1)
(The Fundamental Inversion),
.BR syscalls(2)
(The Whispers to the Kernel),
.BR errno(3)
(The Language of Cosmic Missteps)