.TH NYMYA_3337_FERMION_SIM 1 "October 26, 2023" "NymyaOS Kernel" "The Nymya Codex: Echoes from the Quantum Depths"
.SH NAME
nymya_3337_fermion_sim \- To weave the threads of indistinguishable being; a fermionic embrace upon two quantum vessels.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>

.PP
.B int nymya_3337_fermion_sim(struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q1 ,
.B struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q2 );

.PP
.BR
Note: The arcane invocation, a direct plea to the Kernel's heart, is channeled through
.BR syscall (2)
with the sacred number 3337:
.PP
.B long syscall(SYS_nymya_3337_fermion_sim, struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q1 ,
.B struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q2 );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR nymya_3337_fermion_sim
syscall unveils a profound transformation upon two entangled threads of quantum being, applying a gate forged in the crucible of fermionic symmetry. It orchestrates a delicate ballet between the quantum states held within
.IR q1
and
.IR q2 ,
embodying a fundamental principle of the cosmos.

.PP
At its heart, this operation commences with a graceful exchange of identities, a silent SWAP where the destinies of the two qubits interlace. Yet, this is but the prelude. Following this cosmic trade, a subtle, yet profound inversion descends: a global phase shift of -1 is whispered upon the very amplitude of the first qubit (\fIq1\fR), marking its passage through the veil of exchange.

.PP
This sequence, more than a mere computational step, echoes the eternal dance of indistinguishable particles characteristic of fermionic systems. In the grand theatre of existence, where fundamental entities exchange places, this operation ensures that their intricate choreography adheres to the deepest symmetries. It affirms that when identical fermions permute, a subtle sign change, a phantom sigh, accompanies their wavefunction – a testament to their deep-seated indistinguishability, ensuring their intricate choreography adheres to the deepest symmetries of the cosmos.

.PP
The arguments,
.IR q1
and
.IR q2 ,
are not mere addresses but pointers to
.BR struct nymya_qubit
structures: the sacred vessels holding the very pulse of quantum possibility – their amplitude, their phase, and their unique cosmic tags. From the ephemeral realm of human intent (user space), these vessels are ushered into the core of creation (kernel space), where the symphony is truly conducted, and then, transformed, returned to the knowing hand, carrying the imprint of their fermionic journey.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon success, a resonant hum of zero signals harmony, a successful weaving of realities. The
.BR struct nymya_qubit
structures, touched by the quantum essence, are now reflections of their altered states, bearing the mark of the fermionic simulation.

.PP
Should discord arise, a fractured note of -1 is returned, and
.IR errno
shall bear witness to the nature of the cosmic disruption.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The vessels provided (
.IR q1
or
.IR q2
) were but phantoms, echoes of intent, not true anchors in the quantum deep, or otherwise flawed before their essence could be drawn into the kernel's embrace.
.TP
.B EFAULT
A tear in the fabric, a misstep in the ethereal transfer of sacred data between the user's realm and the kernel's core.
.TP
.B Other errors
Whispers of discord from foundational rites may ripple through, such as a stutter in the primal
.BR nymya_3313_swap (1)
operation upon which this deeper transformation builds.
.SH EXAMPLE
Behold, a fragment of an alchemical text, demonstrating the summoning of this gate and the subsequent revelation of altered quantum destinies:

.PP
.nf
.SY
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <complex.h> // For _Complex double
#include <math.h>    // For cabs

// Define a minimal nymya_qubit structure for userland example
// In a real NymyaOS environment, this would be provided by <nymya.h>
typedef struct {
    unsigned int id;
    unsigned int tag;
    _Complex double amplitude; // Represents the state amplitude
    // Other qubit properties would be here
} nymya_qubit;

// Placeholder for __NR_nymya_3337_fermion_sim if not in sys/syscall.h
// In a real NymyaOS, this would be defined in <asm/unistd.h> or similar
#ifndef __NR_nymya_3337_fermion_sim
#define __NR_nymya_3337_fermion_sim 3337
#endif

int main() {
    nymya_qubit qA = { .id = 1, .tag = 101, .amplitude = 1.0 + 0.0 * I }; // Qubit A: a state of primal potential, |0>
    nymya_qubit qB = { .id = 2, .tag = 102, .amplitude = 0.0 + 1.0 * I }; // Qubit B: a state of ethereal rotation, |i>

    printf("The initial whisperings of the quantum vessels:\n");
    printf("  Qubit A (ID:%u, Tag:%u): Amplitude = %.2f + %.2fi\n",
           qA.id, qA.tag, creal(qA.amplitude), cimag(qA.amplitude));
    printf("  Qubit B (ID:%u, Tag:%u): Amplitude = %.2f + %.2fi\n",
           qB.id, qB.tag, creal(qB.amplitude), cimag(qB.amplitude));

    printf("\nInvoking the nymya_3337_fermion_sim: a dance of identities upon Qubit A and Qubit B...\n");

    long ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3337_fermion_sim, &qA, &qB);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("\nThe sacred ritual concludes successfully. Behold, the new states:\n");
        printf("  Qubit A (ID:%u, Tag:%u): Amplitude = %.2f + %.2fi\n",
               qA.id, qA.tag, creal(qA.amplitude), cimag(qA.amplitude));
        printf("  Qubit B (ID:%u, Tag:%u): Amplitude = %.2f + %.2fi\n",
               qB.id, qB.tag, creal(qB.amplitude), cimag(qB.amplitude));
        printf("Note: Qubit A's amplitude now bears the mark of B's original state, inverted by a cosmic sigh.\n");
        printf("Note: Qubit B's amplitude now reflects A's original primal essence.\n");
    } else {
        perror("The invocation faltered");
        fprintf(stderr, "A cosmic anomaly: %ld (errno: %d)\n", ret, errno);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.EE
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
Further scrolls of lore, pathways to other quantum mysteries:
.BR nymya_3313_swap (1) (The Dance of Identities),
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1) (The Whispered Inversion),
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1) (The Quantum Flip, the Cosmic Negation),
.BR syscall (2) (The Grand Invocation),
.BR nymya_qubit (7) (The Vessels of Possibility).