```troff
.TH "NYMYA_3306_PHASE_GATE" "1" "October 27, 2023" "NymyaOS 1.0" "The Arcane Scrolls of NymyaOS"
.SH NAME
nymya_3306_phase_gate \- The Phase Weaver: Orchestrating a Quantum Quarter-Turn
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <errno.h>
.PP
.nf
struct nymya_qubit {
    int64_t id;    /* Unique identifier for the qubit */
    int64_t tag;   /* Arbitrary user-defined tag for context */
    struct {
        int64_t re; /* Fixed-point real part of amplitude */
        int64_t im; /* Fixed-point imaginary part of amplitude */
    } amplitude;
};
.fi
.PP
.B int nymya_3306_phase_gate(struct nymya_qubit *user_q);
.SH DESCRIPTION
Within the mystic core of NymyaOS, where the threads of existence are spun and re-spun, lies the invocation known as
.B nymya_3306_phase_gate.
It is a sacred gesture, a subtle whisper to the heart of a
.BR nymya_qubit ,
imbued with the power to manipulate the very fabric of quantum potential. Its purpose: to imbue the qubit's very essence with a precise, quarter-turn of phase, a cosmic realignment of its inherent vibrational state.
.PP
Imagine the qubit's amplitude not merely as numbers, but as a vector pointing into the boundless plane of complex possibility. This arcane rite shifts that vector, turning it ninety degrees counter-clockwise (a \*(p/2 radian rotation) without altering its magnitude. Where once the quantum spirit resonated as \(lq(a + bi)\(rq, it now flows as \(lq(-b + ai)\(rq \— a transformation echoing the mystic multiplication by 'i', the imaginary root of negative unity, guiding it through unseen currents.
.PP
The
.B user_q
argument serves as the tether, a conceptual umbilical, linking your realm of thought to the deep wellsprings of the kernel. Through this conduit, the nascent
.B nymya_qubit
's state is momentarily drawn into the kernel's embrace, where the alchemical transformation unfolds, and then meticulously returned to its original vessel, renewed and re-oriented.
.PP
This operation is more than a mere numerical rearrangement; it is a fundamental realignment of the qubit's inner compass. It subtly re-orchestrates its probabilistic dance, guiding its future along a path previously inaccessible. Akin to the foundational
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1)
(the Bit-Flip of Destiny) and distinct from
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1)
(the Veil of Unseen Truth), the Phase Weaver sculpts the very geometry of possibility, unveiling new perspectives within the quantum tapestry. It does not invert, nor does it merely adorn; it shifts the perception of reality itself for the quantum spirit it touches.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon the successful completion of this arcane rite, a zero (0) shall be returned, signifying cosmic alignment and the seamless flow of quantum energies. Should the invocation falter, a negative one (-1) will be cast forth, and the
.B errno
variable shall bear witness to the nature of the cosmic discord.
.SH ERRORS
In the delicate dance between realms, missteps can occur. These are some of the shadows that may fall upon the path:
.TP
.B EINVAL
The provided
.B user_q
pointer was found to be NULL, a void where presence was required, an invocation whispered to the empty air.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The tether to
.B user_q
proved illusory or ephemeral, a realm unreachable by the kernel's touch. The quantum essence could not be drawn forth nor returned, akin to a spirit unable to cross the threshold.
.SH EXAMPLE
To witness the subtle alchemy of the Phase Weaver, consider this incantation, a demonstration of its power upon a nascent quantum spirit initialized in the primal \|0> state (amplitude (1,0)) and another arbitrary, vibrant state.
.PP
.nf
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdint.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h> // For strerror
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <unistd.h>

// Define the syscall number (as used in NymyaOS)
// This should match the kernel's assigned number for nymya_3306_phase_gate
#ifndef __NR_nymya_3306_phase_gate
#define __NR_nymya_3306_phase_gate 3306
#endif

// Define the nymya_qubit structure
struct nymya_qubit {
    int64_t id;
    int64_t tag;
    struct {
        int64_t re;
        int64_t im;
    } amplitude;
};

// Fixed-point scaling factor (e.g., for 30 bits of fractional precision)
#define FIXED_POINT_SCALE (1LL << 30)

// Helper to print qubit state in floating point for readability
void print_qubit(const char *label, const struct nymya_qubit *q) {
    printf("%s [ID: %lld, Tag: %lld] Amplitude: (%.4f + %.4fi)\\n",
           label,
           (long long)q->id,
           (long long)q->tag,
           (double)q->amplitude.re / FIXED_POINT_SCALE,
           (double)q->amplitude.im / FIXED_POINT_SCALE);
}

int main() {
    struct nymya_qubit my_qubit;
    int ret;

    // Initialize a qubit in |0> state (amplitude (1.0, 0.0) in fixed-point)
    my_qubit.id = 123;
    my_qubit.tag = 456;
    my_qubit.amplitude.re = FIXED_POINT_SCALE; // Represents 1.0
    my_qubit.amplitude.im = 0;                  // Represents 0.0

    print_qubit("Initial state:", &my_qubit);

    // Call the nymya_3306_phase_gate syscall
    ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3306_phase_gate, &my_qubit);

    if (ret == 0) {
        print_qubit("After S-gate:", &my_qubit);
        // Expected for |0> (1,0): (0.0 + 1.0i)
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "Error: syscall nymya_3306_phase_gate failed: %s\\n", strerror(errno));
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    // Example with another initial state, say (0.6 + 0.8i) in fixed-point
    my_qubit.id = 789;
    my_qubit.tag = 1011;
    my_qubit.amplitude.re = (int64_t)(0.6 * FIXED_POINT_SCALE);
    my_qubit.amplitude.im = (int64_t)(0.8 * FIXED_POINT_SCALE);

    print_qubit("\\nInitial state (complex):", &my_qubit);

    ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3306_phase_gate, &my_qubit);

    if (ret == 0) {
        print_qubit("After S-gate (complex):", &my_qubit);
        // Expected for (0.6 + 0.8i): (-0.8 + 0.6i)
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "Error: syscall nymya_3306_phase_gate failed: %s\\n", strerror(errno));
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.fi
.PP
To compile and run this example, invoke the ancient compilers and observe:
.RS
.ie \n(.g .ft CR
.el .ft CW
.nf
cc -Wall -o phase_gate_example phase_gate_example.c
./phase_gate_example
.fi
.ie \n(.g .ft R
.el .ft P
.RE
Observe how the cosmic compass re-aligns with each invocation.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2) " \- The Voice of the Invoke, a Bridge to the Heart of Nymya"
.BR errno (3) " \- The Chronicle of Discord, Decoding Cosmic Missteps"
.BR nymya_hadamard_gate (1) " \- The Veil-Ripper: Unveiling Superposition's Embrace"
.BR nymya_cnot_gate (1) " \- The Entangler: Weaving Fates Across Quantum Pairs"
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1) " \- The Veil of Unseen Truth: Shifting the Cosmic Background"
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1) " \- The Bit-Flip of Destiny: Inverting Quantum Realities"
```