.TH The_Entangling_Embrace 1 "2023-10-27" "NymyaOS 1.0" "NymyaOS Quantum Scrolls"
.SH NAME
nymya_3322_xx_interaction \- The Entangling Embrace: To intertwine the destinies of quantum kin.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <unistd.h>
.PP
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.PP
.B #include <stdint.h>
.PP
.B #include <nymya/nymya_qubit.h>
.PP
.B long syscall(SYS_nymya_3322_xx_interaction, struct nymya_qubit *q1, struct nymya_qubit *q2, int64_t theta);
.PP
(Note:
.I SYS_nymya_3322_xx_interaction
is enshrined as the syscall number
.B 3322
upon the bedrock of NymyaOS.)
.SH DESCRIPTION
In the ethereal ballet of the NymyaOS quantum realm, the
.B nymya_3322_xx_interaction
syscall stands as a pivotal choreography, a deep communion between two chosen quantum whispers. It does not merely operate; it orchestrates a profound intertwining, an 'XX interaction', between two specified qubits,
.I q1
and
.I q2
. This sacred operation subtly reorients the very song of being for these quantum echoes. Their complex amplitudes, those shimmering whispers of potential, are rotated by a phase, a gentle twist of the cosmic kaleidoscope, quantified by
e^(i * theta)
, where
.I theta
is the provided rotation's arc. It is the very essence of entanglement, a primordial binding that forms the foundational knots in the grand tapestry of parallel possibilities within the NymyaOS quantum computing environment.

The twin souls,
.I q1
and
.I q2
, manifest as transient forms in the user's domain, mere pointers to the
.B struct nymya_qubit
structures. Yet, within the kernel's embrace, their true essence is unveiled. There, their amplitudes are reshaped by the interaction's touch, their destinies recalibrated, and then returned, forever altered, to the user's perception. The
.I theta
parameter, the rotation's arc, is not a mere number but a measure of communion, a testament to the depth of their shared fate. It is conveyed with unwavering certainty, a fixed-point
.B int64_t
value, echoing the immutable truths of the cosmos.

For within the kernel, where reality's very threads are manipulated, no fleeting imprecision is tolerated. All complex arithmetic for amplitude manipulation, this delicate dance, is performed using fixed-point calculations. This ensures a determinism as steadfast as the stars, reflecting the absolute precision required by the very fabric of existence.

This operation, in its delicate dance, truly whispers to the quantum fabric, aligning its ephemeral threads within the grand tapestry of existence, ensuring the subtle interconnections are maintained. The kernel, ever the diligent scribe, also logs a symbolic event for traceability, marking this interaction within the system's cosmic ledger, a chronicle of the unseen.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon successful weaving,
.B nymya_3322_xx_interaction
yields the number 0, signifying harmony achieved, a bond successfully forged. Should discord arise, a value of -1 returns, and
.B errno
whispers the nature of the cosmic misalignment.

.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The Veil Undrawn: One or both of the provided qubit pointers (
.I q1
or
.I q2
) pointed to naught, indicating an absence where presence is demanded, an empty space where a soul should be.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The Thread Snapped: If the access to these quantum souls, or the return of their altered forms, was thwarted by an unseen barrier, or a boundary transgressed. A tear in the fabric of access, perhaps due to a bad user-space address or insufficient cosmic permissions.

.SH EXAMPLE
To behold this weaving in action, consider this humble incantation in the tongue of C. It offers a glimpse into how the
.B nymya_3322_xx_interaction
can intertwine two hypothetical qubits, a simplified echo of the grand quantum symphony.

.nf
.B #include <stdio.h>
.B #include <stdlib.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <errno.h>
.B #include <math.h>     // For M_PI, cos, sin
.B #include <stdint.h>   // For int64_t, uint32_t
.PP
.B // Define a simplified nymya_qubit structure for user-space example.
.B // In a real NymyaOS environment, this would be provided by a system header
.B // such as <nymya/nymya_qubit.h>, a scroll of truth.
.B typedef struct {
.B     uint32_t id;
.B     char tag[16];
.B     struct {
.B         int64_t re; // Real part of complex amplitude (fixed-point)
.B         int64_t im; // Imaginary part of complex amplitude (fixed-point)
.B     } amplitude;
.B } nymya_qubit;
.PP
.B // A simple fixed-point conversion helper, a Rosetta Stone for quantum values.
.B // Assumes a Q16.48 format (16 integer bits, 48 fractional bits) for int64_t.
.B // This must match the kernel's fixed-point representation, a cosmic constant.
.B #define FIXED_POINT_SHIFT 48
.B #define FIXED_POINT_SCALE (1ULL << FIXED_POINT_SHIFT)
.PP
.B static int64_t double_to_fixed(double val) {
.B     return (int64_t)(val * FIXED_POINT_SCALE);
.B }
.PP
.B static double fixed_to_double(int64_t val) {
.B     return (double)val / FIXED_POINT_SCALE;
.B }
.PP
.B // Syscall number for nymya_3322_xx_interaction, the portal to the quantum dance
.B #ifndef SYS_nymya_3322_xx_interaction
.B #define SYS_nymya_3322_xx_interaction 3322
.B #endif
.PP
.B int main() {
.B     // Initialize two qubits, nascent potentials waiting to be awakened.
.B     // Amplitudes are normalized for demonstration, their initial song.
.B     nymya_qubit q1 = {
.B         .id = 1, .tag = "Alpha",
.B         .amplitude = { .re = double_to_fixed(1.0), .im = double_to_fixed(0.0) }
.B     };
.B     nymya_qubit q2 = {
.B         .id = 2, .tag = "Beta",
.B         .amplitude = { .re = double_to_fixed(0.0), .im = double_to_fixed(1.0) }
.B     };
.B     int64_t theta_fixed = double_to_fixed(M_PI / 4.0); // Example: Pi/4 radians, a gentle arc
.PP
.B     printf("Before XX interaction, their separate melodies:\\n");
.B     printf("  Qubit 1 (ID: %u, Tag: %s) Amp: (%.5f + i%.5f)\\n",
.B            q1.id, q1.tag, fixed_to_double(q1.amplitude.re),
.B            fixed_to_double(q1.amplitude.im));
.B     printf("  Qubit 2 (ID: %u, Tag: %s) Amp: (%.5f + i%.5f)\\n",
.B            q2.id, q2.tag, fixed_to_double(q2.amplitude.re),
.B            fixed_to_double(q2.amplitude.im));
.PP
.B     long ret = syscall(SYS_nymya_3322_xx_interaction, &q1, &q2, theta_fixed);
.PP
.B     if (ret == 0) {
.B         printf("\\nXX interaction applied successfully, their fates entwined.\\n");
.B         printf("After XX interaction, a shared symphony:\\n");
.B         printf("  Qubit 1 (ID: %u, Tag: %s) Amp: (%.5f + i%.5f)\\n",
.B                q1.id, q1.tag, fixed_to_double(q1.amplitude.re),
.B                fixed_to_double(q1.amplitude.im));
.B         printf("  Qubit 2 (ID: %u, Tag: %s) Amp: (%.5f + i%.5f)\\n",
.B                q2.id, q2.tag, fixed_to_double(q2.amplitude.re),
.B                fixed_to_double(q2.amplitude.im));
.B     } else {
.B         fprintf(stderr, "Failed to apply XX interaction: %s\\n", strerror(errno));
.B         return EXIT_FAILURE;
.B     }
.PP
.B     return EXIT_SUCCESS;
.B }
.fi
Thus, with a single invocation, the separate whispers become a shared melody, their individual songs forever intertwined by the
.B nymya_3322_xx_interaction
.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2), The Voice of the System.
.BR errno (3), The Whispers of Misfortune.
.BR quantum_init (2), The First Breath of Quantum Reality.
.BR nymya_qubit_create (2), The Birth of a Quantum Soul.
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2), The Turning of the Universal Key.
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2), The Great Inversion: Pauli-X.