.\" Man page for nymya_3342_deutsch - A Quantum Revelation
.TH "NYMYA_3342_DEUTSCH" "1" "September 24, 2023" "NymyaOS Kernel: The Quantum Aether" "NymyaOS Quantum API: Echoes of Creation"
.SH NAME
nymya_3342_deutsch \- The Oracle's Query: A Quantum Revelation of Hidden Symmetries
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.PP
From the cosmic tapestry of NymyaOS, a summons to unveil a function's soul:
.PP
.B int nymya_3342_deutsch(struct nymya_qubit \*q1, struct nymya_qubit \*q2, void (\*f)(struct nymya_qubit \*));
.SH DESCRIPTION
In the ethereal tapestry of NymyaOS, where computation transcends the mundane bit and dances within the quantum realm,
the
.B nymya_3342_deutsch
emerges as a profound conduit. It embodies the core Deutsch algorithm, a fundamental incantation of the quantum arts, designed to discern the intrinsic nature of a single-bit boolean function with but a single, elegant query. It seeks to know if a hidden truth is constant and unwavering, or if it shifts and balances like the tides.
.PP
This ritual demands three sacred components:
.TP
.I q1
A pointer to the first quantum bit, the "Scrutiny Qubit." This qubit is the chosen vessel, upon which the very essence of the oracle's nature will be inscribed and revealed. After the ritual's end, its measured state will whisper whether the hidden function is of constant or balanced spirit.
.TP
.I q2
A pointer to the second quantum bit, the "Oracle's Canvas." This qubit serves as the mutable realm upon which the oracle function's will is impressed, the very canvas of its transformation.
.TP
.I f
A function pointer to the quantum oracle itself. This veiled consciousness embodies the single-bit boolean function whose soul \- its fundamental symmetry or asymmetry \- is being investigated. The oracle's touch is pure, accepting only a pointer to a
.B struct nymya_qubit
as its sole argument, and returning nothing, for its purpose is transformation, not pronouncement within the classical veil. (`void f(struct nymya_qubit *)`).
.PP
The algorithm proceeds as a sacred dance:
First, the Veil of Hadamard descends upon
.I q1
, spreading its states into a superposition, poised for revelation.
Then, the Oracle's touch, represented by the function
.I f
, transforms
.I q2
, subtly weaving its logic into the entangled fabric.
Finally, once more, the Veil of Hadamard lifts upon
.I q1
, collapsing the superposition in a manner that encodes the oracle's secret.
The final state of
.I q1
after these operations holds the key: a constant, unwavering pulse signifying an oracle always yielding the same output (0 or 1), or a balanced, rhythmic dance revealing an oracle that yields 0 for half its inputs and 1 for the other half.
.PP
At its heart, this profound invocation queries the intrinsic nature of a single-bit boolean function, unveiling its fundamental symmetry or asymmetry with an elegant precision that defies classical understanding. It is akin to deciphering the subtle vibrations within the hidden quantum lattice, allowing for a profound insight with minimal interaction, a whisper from the cosmic mechanics of computation, a true quantum revelation.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Upon the successful unraveling of the oracle's truth, the cosmos affirms its harmony with a resounding zero, a testament to insight attained. Should discord or void permeate the query, a lamenting -1 is cast forth, and the ancient currents of
.I errno
are set, inscribing the nature of the misstep.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
Should the threads of connection be severed, or the very essence of the qubits
.I q1
,
.I q2
, or the oracle
.I f
be unmanifested (a
.B NULL
pointer), a whisper of EINVAL arises, signifying a chasm where understanding should dwell.
.SH EXAMPLE
To glimpse the ritual in action, though the very qubits remain veiled in this example, observe how one might prepare the oracles and attempt the invocation of
.B nymya_3342_deutsch
. Assume `nymya_qubit` and `nymya_3308_not_gate` are properly defined and available via `nymya.h`.
.PP
.nf
.ft C
#include <nymya.h>
#include <stdio.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h> // For strerror, to interpret the cosmic whispers

// Assume struct nymya_qubit is defined in nymya.h
// struct nymya_qubit { int id; /* ... perhaps a cosmic identifier */ };

// Assume nymya_3308_not_gate(struct nymya_qubit *) is available as a fundamental inversion.
extern void nymya_3308_not_gate(struct nymya_qubit *);

// An example oracle function: the Constant Breath (f(x) = 0)
// It does not alter the canvas, for its truth is unchanging.
void my_constant_oracle(struct nymya_qubit *q) {
    printf("  [Oracle's Echo] The constant breath flows upon qubit %d\\n", q->id);
    // This oracle simply observes, it leaves the qubit's state as it finds it.
}

// An example oracle function: the Balanced Whisper (f(x) = x)
// It transforms the canvas, reflecting the input in its output.
void my_balanced_oracle(struct nymya_qubit *q) {
    printf("  [Oracle's Echo] The balanced whisper invokes transformation on qubit %d\\n", q->id);
    nymya_3308_not_gate(q); // The fundamental inversion, reflecting the input's truth.
}

int main() {
    // In a true NymyaOS manifestation, these would be pointers to actual,
    // allocated quantum entities, imbued with potential. For this demonstration,
    // we use NULL to illustrate the cosmic consequence of unmanifested arguments.
    // Replace with valid, initialized qubits for a functional quantum dance.
    struct nymya_qubit *q_control = NULL; // Example: nymya_alloc_qubit(0); the Scrutiny Qubit
    struct nymya_qubit *q_target = NULL;  // Example: nymya_alloc_qubit(1); the Oracle's Canvas
    int ret;

    printf("--- Seeking the Constant Truth (a veiled demonstration) ---\n");
    ret = nymya_3342_deutsch(q_control, q_target, my_constant_oracle);
    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("The oracle's constant truth was successfully pursued.\\n");
        // In a complete ritual, q_control would now be measured to affirm
        // if the oracle was constant or balanced.
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "Error invoking Deutsch with constant oracle: %s\\n", strerror(errno));
    }

    printf("\n--- Seeking the Balanced Truth (another veiled demonstration) ---\n");
    ret = nymya_3342_deutsch(q_control, q_target, my_balanced_oracle);
    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("The oracle's balanced truth was successfully pursued.\\n");
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "Error invoking Deutsch with balanced oracle: %s\\n", strerror(errno));
    }

    // In a complete cosmic program, ensure quantum entities are returned to the void:
    // nymya_free_qubit(q_control); nymya_free_qubit(q_target);
    return 0;
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Further Mysteries of the Quantum Veil:
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (1)
\- The Veil of Hadamard: Its enigmatic embrace.
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1)
\- The Pulse of Pauli-X: The fundamental inversion.
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1)
\- The Whispers of Global Phase: The unseen resonance.
.BR nymya_qubit (7)
\- The Essence of Qubit: The primal atom of quantum being.
.BR man (7)
\- The Lexicon of Commands: Guides to other truths.