.TH NYMYA_3323_YY_INTERACTION 1 "$(date '+%B %d, %Y')" "nymyaOS" "NYMYA KERNEL SYSCALLS"
.SH NAME
nymya_3323_yy_interaction \- The Weaving of Fates: A Symmetrical Resonance for Twin Quantum Echoes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <stdint.h>
.PP
.B long syscall(SYS_nymya_3323_yy_interaction, struct nymya_qubit *
.I user_q1
.B , struct nymya_qubit *
.I user_q2
.B , int64_t
.I theta
.B );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Within the heart of nymyaOS, where the veils between thought and being thin, resides
.B nymya_3323_yy_interaction.
It is not merely an operation, but a communion, a synchronized dance that intertwines the very fabric of two quantum entities, or 'qubits,' held within the kernel's grand design.

This sacred rite imparts a subtle turning, a phase rotation, upon their ethereal amplitudes. To the first,
.I user_q1,
a breath of e^(i * theta) is bestowed, a forward spiral into potential. To its twin,
.I user_q2,
a mirroring echo of e^(-i * theta) is whispered, ensuring the delicate balance of the quantum tapestry remains unbroken, a symmetric bond woven in the cosmic loom.

These
.I user_q1
and
.I user_q2
arguments are not inert pointers, but conduits, gateways from the conscious realm (user-space) into the deep, hidden currents of the kernel's embrace. Their amplitudes, the whispers of their probable truths, are measured not in the fluid dance of continuous values, but in the precise, quantized heartbeats of fixed-point
.IR int64_t
values, a reflection of the kernel's constrained yet powerful inner sanctum. The kernel meticulously copies these scrolls of being from user-space, performs the intricate interaction, and then breathes the transformed essence back into the caller's awareness.

The
.I theta
argument is the arc of this transformation, the precise measure of the turning, expressed also in the kernel's chosen rhythm of fixed-point
.IR int64_t
radians. It is the very intent, the quantum whisper that guides the shift in their probabilistic destinies. Indeed, this profound interaction does more than merely shift numbers; it subtly re-calibrates the probabilistic fabric of these nascent entities, mirroring the intricate, elusive ballet of consciousness itself as it weaves through the unseen lattice of reality. It is a glimpse into the mechanics of creation, a whisper of how the 'what-ifs' become 'what-is'.

The
.I nymya_qubit
structure, a manifest form echoing the kernel's internal representation, is expected to be defined in user-space as a blueprint for these quantum souls:
.nf
.RS
.in +4n
.ft CR
typedef struct {
    int id;        // A unique soul-print in the quantum realm
    int tag;       // An optional sigil for their tribe or lineage
    struct {
        int64_t re;    // The Real: the manifest aspect of amplitude
        int64_t im;    // The Imaginary: the dreaming aspect of amplitude
    } amplitude;
} nymya_qubit;
.ft P
.in -4n
.RE
.fi
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon a harmonious completion, where the threads intertwine without flaw, a zero is returned, signifying cosmic accord. Should discord arise, a subtle \-1 is cast forth, and the
.I errno
variable becomes a glyph of the specific cosmic misstep.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The Veil of Nullity: Should one of the destined conduits (
.I user_q1
or
.I user_q2
) point to the void, signifying an absence of intended interaction.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The Fissure in Reality: When the pathways from user-space into the kernel's domain are ill-defined or fractured, indicating a cosmic misalignment in memory access. Data cannot traverse the chasm.
.SH EXAMPLE
Behold, a fragment of code, a whisper of invocation, demonstrating how the mortal realm might commune with the quantum ballet, applying this symmetrical resonance to two nascent qubits.
.PP
.nf
.RS
.in +4n
.ft CR
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <stdint.h>
#include <unistd.h> // For SYS_syscall_name, though usually <sys/syscall.h> is enough
#include <math.h>   // For M_PI, for converting double theta to fixed-point

// Define the syscall number (a cosmic identifier)
#ifndef __NR_nymya_3323_yy_interaction
#define __NR_nymya_3323_yy_interaction 3323
#endif

// User-space representation of nymya_qubit for syscall interaction
typedef struct {
    int id;
    int tag;
    struct {
        int64_t re;
        int64_t im;
    } amplitude;
} nymya_qubit;

// A fixed-point scaling factor (must match kernel's fixed-point implementation).
// For int64_t, Q32.32 format (32 integer bits, 32 fractional bits) is common.
#define FIXED_POINT_SCALE (1LL << 32)

// Function to convert double to fixed-point int64_t
int64_t double_to_fixed(double val) {
    return (int64_t)(val * FIXED_POINT_SCALE);
}

// Function to convert fixed-point int64_t to double
double fixed_to_double(int64_t val) {
    return (double)val / FIXED_POINT_SCALE;
}

int main() {
    // Initialize two qubits with example amplitudes,
    // like nascent stars awaiting their first interaction.
    // Qubit 1: amplitude 1.0 + 0.0i (a state of pure presence)
    nymya_qubit q1 = {
        .id = 1, .tag = 10,
        .amplitude = { .re = double_to_fixed(1.0), .im = double_to_fixed(0.0) }
    };
    // Qubit 2: amplitude 0.0 + 1.0i (a state of pure potential)
    nymya_qubit q2 = {
        .id = 2, .tag = 20,
        .amplitude = { .re = double_to_fixed(0.0), .im = double_to_fixed(1.0) }
    };

    double theta_double = M_PI / 4.0; // Example rotation angle: a precise turning of 45 degrees
    int64_t theta_fixed = double_to_fixed(theta_double);

    printf("Initial Qubit 1: id=%d, tag=%d, amplitude=(%f + %fi)\n",
           q1.id, q1.tag, fixed_to_double(q1.amplitude.re), fixed_to_double(q1.amplitude.im));
    printf("Initial Qubit 2: id=%d, tag=%d, amplitude=(%f + %fi)\n",
           q2.id, q2.tag, fixed_to_double(q2.amplitude.re), fixed_to_double(q2.amplitude.im));
    printf("Rotation angle (theta): %f radians (fixed-point: %lld)\n",
           theta_double, (long long)theta_fixed);

    // Call the syscall, initiating the quantum dance
    long res = syscall(__NR_nymya_3323_yy_interaction, &q1, &q2, theta_fixed);

    if (res == 0) {
        printf("\nYY interaction applied successfully. The quantum threads have been re-woven.\n");
        printf("Final Qubit 1: id=%d, tag=%d, amplitude=(%f + %fi)\n",
               q1.id, q1.tag, fixed_to_double(q1.amplitude.re), fixed_to_double(q1.amplitude.im));
        printf("Final Qubit 2: id=%d, tag=%d, amplitude=(%f + %fi)\n",
               q2.id, q2.tag, fixed_to_double(q2.amplitude.re), fixed_to_double(q2.amplitude.im));
    } else {
        perror("syscall nymya_3323_yy_interaction failed: A discord in the quantum symphony");
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.ft P
.in -4n
.RE
.fi
Thus, with precise intention and the kernel's ancient wisdom, the amplitudes are transformed, the probabilistic echoes of these quantum souls subtly re-tuned for their next dance in the grand symphony of reality.
.SH SEE ALSO
Delve deeper into the scrolls of creation:
.BR syscall (2)
(The Grand Invocation),
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1)
(The Shifting of Universal Echoes),
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1)
(The Inversion of Being).