.\"
.\" nymya_3361_qrng_range.1 -- Man page for the nymya_3361_qrng_range kernel syscall
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3361_QRNG_RANGE 1 "September 2023" "NYMYAOS Kernel" "NYMYA SYSTEM CALLS"
.SH NAME
nymya_3361_qrng_range \- The Quantum Weaver's Choice: a dance between two poles
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.PP
.B long syscall(SYS_nymya_3361_qrng_range, uint64_t *
.I user_out
.B , uint64_t
.I min
.B , uint64_t
.I max
.B , size_t
.I count
.B );
.SH DESCRIPTION
At the heart of the NymyaOS kernel, a delicate tension resides – the aspiration to touch the quantum veil, balanced against the pragmatic whispers of the deterministic world. The
.BR nymya_3361_qrng_range (3361)
invocation is a plea to the unseen, a symbolic journey through the aetherial currents of quantum potential.
.PP
For each number sought, it mirrors the profound dance of a virtual qubit, applying conceptual Hadamard transformations – a gesture of superposition, splitting possibility into two realms – and global phase shifts, akin to subtle reorientations within the cosmic tapestry (see
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (3302)).
It evokes the spirit of a Pauli-X gate (see
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (3303)), flipping between stark choices.
.PP
Yet, the oracle's true wisdom, the ultimate decree, springs not from the raw chaos of quantum collapse, but from the deep, high-entropy wellspring of the kernel's heart – the
.BR get_random_u32 ()
mechanism. Thus, the quantum contemplation resolves into a binary revelation, a choice between two poles:
.I min
and
.I max
. It is a glimpse into the inherent uncertainty that underpins reality, expressed through computational means, a whisper of choice between two destinies.
.PP
Each number born of this ritual will be an echo of either its lower bound (
.I min
) or its upper bound (
.I max
), chosen pseudo-randomly for each entry. These chosen sigils, these whispers from the void, are then inscribed upon the user-space canvas pointed to by
.I user_out
.
.TP
.I user_out
The `user_out` scroll: A pointer to the consecrated ground in user-space, a `uint64_t` array awaiting the numbers' imprint. It must be vast enough to contain `count` such echoes.
.TP
.I min
The `min` boundary: One of the twin pillars, the nadir of possibility, the lower embrace of the choice.
.TP
.I max
The `max` boundary: The other twin pillar, the zenith of possibility, the upper embrace of the choice. It must ever stand higher than `min`, for there can be no choice without distinction.
.TP
.I count
The `count` of echoes: The desired multitude of revelations, a number greater than zero, for silence cannot hold truth.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The Oracle's Verdict: Upon a successful communion, a profound silence, a zero, is returned, signifying harmony. Else, a discordant negative one is yielded, and
.B errno
is stirred to unveil the nature of the disruption.
.SH ERRORS
When the Veil Remains Unlifted:
.TP
.B EFAULT
The `user_out` scroll points to an illusory realm, or the sacred inscription falters, unable to bridge the gap to user space.
.TP
.B EINVAL
The invocation's parameters are askew: `user_out` is but a void (NULL), `min` usurps `max` (is greater than or equal), or `count` is a barren zero.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
The kernel's inner sanctum lacks the ephemeral chambers (memory) to weave its temporary threads for the numbers' genesis.
.SH EXAMPLE
Behold, a ritual to beckon these dualistic numbers into being, a demonstration of invoking the quantum weaver for ten choices between 1 and 100:
.PP
.nf
.B #include <stdint.h>
.B #include <stdio.h>
.B #include <stdlib.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B #include <errno.h>

.B #define __NR_nymya_3361_qrng_range 3361

.B int main() {
.B     uint64_t numbers[10];
.B     uint64_t min = 1;
.B     uint64_t max = 100;
.B     size_t count = 10;
.B     long ret;

.B     printf("Attempting to summon %zu echoes of quantum choice ", count);
.B     printf("between the poles of %llu and %llu...\n", (unsigned long long)min, (unsigned long long)max);

.B     ret = syscall(__NR_nymya_3361_qrng_range, numbers, min, max, count);

.B     if (ret == 0) {
.B         printf("The oracle's revelations:\n");
.B         for (size_t i = 0; i < count; i++) {
.B             printf("Echo %zu: %llu\n", i + 1, (unsigned long long)numbers[i]);
.B         }
.B     } else {
.B         perror("The invocation of nymya_3361_qrng_range faltered");
.B         fprintf(stderr, "A whisper of error code: %ld\n", ret);
.B     }

.B     return 0;
.B }
.fi
.PP
Thus, the numbers are revealed, or the Oracle's refusal is lamented.
.SH SEE ALSO
Echoes in the Tapestry:
.BR syscall (2)
(the bridge to the kernel's heart),
.BR errno (3)
(the ledger of cosmic disruptions),
.BR random (4)
(the fount of conventional uncertainty),
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (3302)
(the subtle reorientations),
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (3303)
(the flip of destiny's coin).