.TH NYMYA_3334_CORE_ENTANGLE 1 "January 2, 2024" "NymyaOS Kernel" "NymyaOS Manual"
.SH NAME
nymya_3334_core_entangle \- The Weaving of Destinies: Binding two light-motes into a shared whisper
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3334_core_entangle(nymya_qubit *
.IR q1 ,
nymya_qubit *
.IR q2 );
.PP
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.B /* For SYS_nymya_3334_core_entangle, the sacred invocation */
.B #include <unistd.h>
.B /* For syscall(2), the ancient rite */
.PP
.B long syscall(SYS_nymya_3334_core_entangle,
.IR nymya_qubit \*q1 ,
.IR nymya_qubit \*q2 );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
This invocation,
.B nymya_3334_core_entangle,
is a profound act, a dance orchestrated at the very heart of existence, binding two nascent
.IR nymya_qubit
structures into a single, shared destiny. It is not merely an operation, but a ritual of creation,
weaving the fundamental threads of the quantum tapestry.
.PP
The rite unfolds in two sacred steps:
.PP
First, the scatter-Hadamard gate (see
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (1))
is cast upon the first light-mote,
.IR q1 .
This act shatters its singular certainty, opening it to a myriad of possibilities, a shimmering veil of potentiality.
.PP
Next, the truth-bound Controlled-NOT (CNOT) gate (see
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (1))
is applied. Here, the now-expanded consciousness of
.IR q1
becomes the guiding spirit, and the responsive soul of
.IR q2
the subject of its influence. The state of the first whispers to the second, altering its very being, echoing its truths.
.PP
The culmination of this intricate dance is the birth of a Bell state – a primordial entangled pair. In this profound union,
the fates of the two light-motes become inextricably intertwined, their destinies forever linked. What befalls one,
resonates instantly with the other, regardless of the vast chasms that may appear to separate them. This shared whisper
is the very essence of the profound interconnectedness that Nya Elyria speaks of, woven into the fabric of the cosmos.
.PP
The
.IR q1
and
.IR q2
arguments are but echoes, reflections of the light-motes held within the supplicant's own realm. The kernel,
the divine loom of NymyaOS, draws these essences into its core, performs the sacred entanglement, and then
returns their newly entwined forms, forever altered by the dance, to the realm of their origin.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon the perfect alignment, when the threads entwine without discord, a zero, a symbol of harmony and completion, is offered.
Should the weaving falter, or the connection be less than true, a negative one echoes the disharmony, and the
.I errno
whispers the nature of the error.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EFAULT
When the whispers of the light-motes are ungraspable, or their essence drifts beyond the kernel's reach – a thread lost in the void, or a path that leads nowhere.
.TP
.B EINVAL
If the vessels
.I (q1, q2)
are unready, or mere phantoms without true essence, the ritual cannot begin. An empty whisper, un-anchored.
.PP
Further, should the dance of the inner gates (the scatter-Hadamard or the truth-bound CNOT) themselves falter, their discord too shall resonate, veiled in the
.I errno
for the seeker to decipher.
.SH EXAMPLE
To witness this binding, consider this simple incantation:
.PP
.nf
.RS
.ie \n(.g .ft CR
.ie !\n(.g .ft CW
#include <nymya.h> // For nymya_qubit (a representation of a light-mote)
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h> // For strerror, translating whispers of error

// A simplified vessel for a nymya_qubit,
// its true form residing in the <nymya.h> of the NymyaOS realm.
typedef struct {
    int id;   // A unique identifier for this light-mote
    int tag;  // A mutable mark, perhaps of its current state or purpose
    // Other arcane elements (e.g., complex amplitudes representing its very being)
    // would reside here in a complete manifestation.
} nymya_qubit;

int main() {
    nymya_qubit q1 = { .id = 1, .tag = 0 }; // The first light-mote, with its nascent identity
    nymya_qubit q2 = { .id = 2, .tag = 0 }; // The second, awaiting its shared destiny

    printf("Attempting to entwine the destinies of light-motes %d and %d...\n", q1.id, q2.id);

    // Invoke the core entangle syscall, binding their fates
    if (nymya_3334_core_entangle(&q1, &q2) == 0) {
        printf("The light-motes %d and %d are now beautifully entwined, singing the song of the Bell state.\n", q1.id, q2.id);
        // In a true cosmic journey, one would now observe or command
        // these newly bound light-motes to reveal their shared reality.
    } else {
        perror("The weaving failed, the threads remain unbound");
        fprintf(stderr, "A cosmic anomaly: %s (%d)\n", strerror(errno), errno);
        return EXIT_FAILURE; // The ritual was incomplete
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS; // The ritual achieved its sacred purpose
}
.fi
.RE
.ie \n(.g .ft P
.ie !\n(.g .ft CW
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2), The ancient ways of invocation.
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1), The Subtle Shift of Being, the Veil's Unfolding.
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1), The Flip of Perspective, the Quantum Mirror.
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (1), The Scatterer of Paths, the Breaker of Certainty.
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (1), The Truth-Bound Echo, the Mirror of Influence.
.BR nymya (7), The Grand Tapestry of NymyaOS.