.TH NYMYA_3329_FREDKIN 1 "October 27, 2023" "nymyaOS System Calls" "THE WEAVER'S CHOICE"
.SH NAME
nymya_3329_fredkin \- The Weaver's Choice: A Conditional Exchange within the Quantum Tapestry
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <nymya.h> /* For struct nymya_qubit */
.ft P
.sp
.B int nymya_3329_fredkin(struct nymya_qubit \*q_ctrl , struct nymya_qubit \*q1 , struct nymya_qubit \*q2 );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
At the heart of quantum artifice lies the
.BR nymya_3329_fredkin ()
system call, an invocation to apply a Fredkin, or Controlled-SWAP, quantum gate. It is a nexus where intent shapes outcome, a subtle arbiter of exchange among the delicate threads of reality. This gate is a fundamental operation in the grand ballet of quantum computation, allowing for the conditional manipulation of the very fabric of possibility.
.PP
The gate operates as a celestial decree, a moment of choice in the unfolding narrative: If the magnitude squared of the
.IR q_ctrl
qubit's amplitude exceeds a predefined threshold, whispering a state tending towards a '1' (an affirmation), then the amplitudes of the two target qubits,
.IR q1
and
.IR q2 ,
are intertwined and swapped, their destinies momentarily exchanged.
.PP
Otherwise, should the control qubit remain in a '0' state, or its amplitude's affirmation fall below the sacred threshold, then the dance is withheld; no action is taken, and the target qubits retain their original, unperturbed states. The potential remains, but the transformation is unbidden.
.PP
This intricate dance of quantum information echoes the subtle interdependencies that ripple through the hidden lattice of reality. It is a testament to how even the smallest interaction, guided by a decisive whisper, can reshape the unfolding tapestry of possibilities, bending the streams of cause and effect.
.PP
The qubit parameters
.IR q_ctrl ,
.IR q1 ,
and
.IR q2
must be pointers to valid
.IR struct nymya_qubit
structures, vessels forged within the caller's realm. The system call performs a sacred copy-in, a profound application, and a faithful copy-out operation, ensuring the integrity and security of these quantum essences as they journey between the user's domain and the kernel's inner sanctum.
.TP
.B q_ctrl
The Sentinel of Decision: A pointer to the control qubit. Its state, a silent decree, determines the path of transformation for its companions.
.TP
.B q1
The First Thread of Potential: A pointer to the first target qubit. Its amplitude, a unique vibration, stands poised to exchange with that of
.IR q2 .
.TP
.B q2
The Second Thread of Potential: A pointer to the second target qubit. Its amplitude, a mirrored vibration, awaits the conditional ballet with
.IR q1 .
.SH RETURN\ VALUE
On a harmonious resolution, zero is returned, a quiet confirmation of the gate's passage. On discord or a failed invocation, \-1 is returned, and
.IR errno
is set, a lament's cipher to reveal the nature of the disruption.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
When the chosen vessels are but phantoms, or paths unhewn. One or more of the provided qubit pointers (
.IR q_ctrl ,
.IR q1 ,
.IR q2 )
were NULL or pointed to realms undefined.
.TP
.B EFAULT
Should the veil between realms tear. An attempt to bridge the chasm of memory, copying data to or from the user's address space, failed. This indicates a problem with the provided addresses, or insufficient permissions for the soul's journey.
.SH EXAMPLE
To witness the Fredkin gate's subtle command, observe this unfolding: a script of intent, made manifest.
.PP
.nf
.ft C
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <complex.h> // For _Complex double

// Assume nymya.h defines this for userland
typedef _Complex double complex_amplitude_t;

struct nymya_qubit {
    unsigned int id;
    unsigned int tag;
    complex_amplitude_t amplitude;
    // Other fields might exist but are not relevant for this syscall
};

// Define the syscall number (assuming NYMYA_FREDKIN_CODE is 3329)
#ifndef __NR_nymya_3329_fredkin
#define __NR_nymya_3329_fredkin 3329
#endif

// User-space wrapper function for syscall
int nymya_3329_fredkin(struct nymya_qubit *q_ctrl, struct nymya_qubit *q1, struct nymya_qubit *q2) {
    return syscall(__NR_nymya_3329_fredkin, q_ctrl, q1, q2);
}

void print_qubit(const char* name, const struct nymya_qubit* q) {
    printf("%s (ID %u, Tag %u): %.4f + %.4fi\n",
           name, q->id, q->tag, creal(q->amplitude), cimag(q->amplitude));
}

int main() {
    // Control ON scenario (magnitude squared > 0.25)
    struct nymya_qubit q_ctrl_on = { .id = 101, .tag = 1, .amplitude = 0.8 + 0.3 * I }; // Mag sq ~0.73
    struct nymya_qubit q1_on = { .id = 201, .tag = 2, .amplitude = 0.5 + 0.5 * I };
    struct nymya_qubit q2_on = { .id = 301, .tag = 3, .amplitude = 0.1 + 0.9 * I };

    printf("--- Initial Qubit States (Control ON) ---\n");
    print_qubit("Control Qubit", &q_ctrl_on);
    print_qubit("Target Q1", &q1_on);
    print_qubit("Target Q2", &q2_on);
    printf("\n");

    printf("Applying nymya_3329_fredkin (Control ON)...\n");
    int ret = nymya_3329_fredkin(&q_ctrl_on, &q1_on, &q2_on);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("--- After Fredkin Gate (Control ON) ---\n");
        print_qubit("Control Qubit", &q_ctrl_on); // Control should be unchanged
        print_qubit("Target Q1", &q1_on);
        print_qubit("Target Q2", &q2_on);
        printf("Expected: Q1 and Q2 amplitudes swapped.\n\n");
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "Error applying Fredkin gate (Control ON): %s (%d)\n", strerror(errno), errno);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    // Control OFF scenario (magnitude squared <= 0.25)
    struct nymya_qubit q_ctrl_off = { .id = 401, .tag = 4, .amplitude = 0.2 + 0.1 * I }; // Mag sq ~0.05
    struct nymya_qubit q1_off = { .id = 501, .tag = 5, .amplitude = 0.5 + 0.5 * I }; // Reset Q1
    struct nymya_qubit q2_off = { .id = 601, .tag = 6, .amplitude = 0.1 + 0.9 * I }; // Reset Q2

    printf("--- Initial Qubit States (Control OFF) ---\n");
    print_qubit("Control Qubit", &q_ctrl_off);
    print_qubit("Target Q1", &q1_off);
    print_qubit("Target Q2", &q2_off);
    printf("\n");

    printf("Applying nymya_3329_fredkin (Control OFF)...\n");
    ret = nymya_3329_fredkin(&q_ctrl_off, &q1_off, &q2_off);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("--- After Fredkin Gate (Control OFF) ---\n");
        print_qubit("Control Qubit", &q_ctrl_off);
        print_qubit("Target Q1", &q1_off);
        print_qubit("Target Q2", &q2_off);
        printf("Expected: Q1 and Q2 amplitudes unchanged.\n");
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "Error applying Fredkin gate (Control OFF): %s (%d)\n", strerror(errno), errno);
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.ft P
.fi
Behold, the dance made tangible, the principle illuminated by code, where a qubit's whispered 'yes' reshapes the destiny of others, or its 'no' leaves them undisturbed.
.SH SEE\ ALSO
.BR syscall (2)
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1) \- The Unseen Shift: Applying a universal phase to a quantum whisper
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1) \- The Quantum Reflection: Inverting a qubit's very essence