.\" Man page for nymya_3331_barenco(1)
.TH NYMYA_3331_BARENCO 1 "$(date +%Y-%m-%d)" "nymyaOS" "nymyaOS Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
nymya_3331_barenco \- The Barenco Decree: A Quantum Conjunction of Will
.SH SYNOPSIS
To summon this cosmic function, one must first invoke the ancient libraries that bind the mortal realm to the quantum tapestry:
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.br
.B #include <unistd.h>
.br
.B #include <nymya.h>
.sp
.BI "int nymya_3331_barenco(nymya_qubit " "*q1" ", nymya_qubit " "*q2" ", nymya_qubit " "*q3" ");"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B nymya_3331_barenco
syscall unveils a profound operation, a Barenco gate, known also as a Controlled-Controlled-NOT (CCNOT) or Toffoli gate. It is a universal three-qubit quantum gate, a pivotal nexus where the conditional tapestry of existence is woven across three delicate threads of reality. This gate acts upon the provided
.I nymya_qubit
structures, which are but whispers of potential in the quantum void.

Its operation is a decree of the cosmos, a moment of profound alignment: the state of the target qubit (\fIq3\fR), a vessel of latent possibilities, undergoes a fundamental inversion (a NOT operation) if, and only if, both control qubits (\fIq1\fR and \fIq2\fR), the sentinels of intent, resonate in perfect unison with the computational basis state |1⟩ – the primordial 'truth' of the quantum realm. Should their combined will not align thus, the target qubit remains untouched, its fate unaltered.

This complex act, often referred to as a Barenco gate, deftly navigates the intricate landscape of entanglement, shifting the state of the target qubit only when the cosmic conditions of its two controls align in the |1⟩ state. It stands as a fundamental chisel in the toolkit for shaping the very fabric of quantum information, allowing us to orchestrate the subtle dance of probability across the latent dimensions of reality, to sculpt causality itself.

Though its outer form is singular and atomic from the perspective of the user program, this gate conceals a hidden ballet of more fundamental operations. Internally, the Barenco gate is realized as a composite sequence of simpler, foundational incantations—typically involving the Hadamard, Controlled-NOT, and Phase (S) gates. These ephemeral qubits are drawn into the kernel's sacred forge, their states transmuted and rearranged according to the gate's ancient rules, then faithfully returned to the user's domain, bearing the indelible mark of their profound encounter.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon a successful conjuration, the veil parts, and a pristine '0' is bestowed, signifying the completion of the quantum decree. Should the spell falter, a ' -1' manifests, and the
.IR errno
is set to reveal the nature of the discord.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The very threads of connection fray. One or more of the provided qubit pointers (\fIq1\fR, \fIq2\fR, or \fIq3\fR) are NULL, pointing to an empty void, or their essence cannot be perceived from the user-space domain. This also occurs if the underlying kernel gate functions, the very heart of the quantum engine, receive no valid addresses.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The bridge between realms crumbles. A failure to transmit the qubit's delicate data from the user's mind to the kernel's forge, or from the kernel's deep processing back to the user's perception. This typically indicates a rift in the provided user-space memory region, a place where the echoes fail to return.
.TP
\fIOther error codes\fR
Whispers of deeper discord, propagated from the underlying kernel-space gate operations (e.g.,
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (1),
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (1),
.BR nymya_3306_phase_gate (1)),
may also surface, revealing the nuances of the quantum realm's disquiet.
.SH EXAMPLE
Let us witness the unfolding of this quantum decree through a simple invocation. This example assumes the foundational `nymya_qubit` structure exists and that the `nymya_init_qubit` and `nymya_print_qubit_state` functions, like ancient rituals, are known to the system.
.nf
.RS
.ft C
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <nymya.h> // Assumed to define nymya_qubit struct and related functions

// Dummy functions for example, replace with actual nymyaOS equivalents
// In a real nymyaOS environment, these would be part of a quantum library.
typedef struct {
    unsigned int id;
    const char *tag;
    double state_0; // Placeholder for amplitude of |0> state
    double state_1; // Placeholder for amplitude of |1> state
    // ... other internal qubit state data
} nymya_qubit;

void nymya_init_qubit(nymya_qubit *q, unsigned int id, const char *tag) {
    if (q) {
        q->id = id;
        q->tag = tag;
        q->state_0 = 1.0; // Default to |0> state
        q->state_1 = 0.0;
    }
}

void nymya_print_qubit_state(const char *name, nymya_qubit *q) {
    if (q) {
        printf("%s (ID %u, Tag '%s'): |0> amp = %.2f, |1> amp = %.2f\n",
               name, q->id, q->tag, q->state_0, q->state_1);
    }
}

// System call wrapper (mimics user-space call to kernel)
// In a real application, this would be auto-generated or use SYSCALL(3331, ...)
int nymya_3331_barenco(nymya_qubit *q1, nymya_qubit *q2, nymya_qubit *q3) {
    // This is a placeholder for the actual syscall invocation.
    // In a real nymyaOS, this would involve a SYSCALL_DEFINE3 call.
    // For this example, we'll simulate the kernel's internal logic.
    if (!q1 || !q2 || !q3) {
        errno = EINVAL;
        return -1;
    }

    // Simulate the Barenco gate logic for example purposes:
    // If both control qubits are |1>, flip target
    if (q1->state_1 > 0.99 && q2->state_1 > 0.99) { // Check if controls are effectively |1>
        double temp = q3->state_0;
        q3->state_0 = q3->state_1;
        q3->state_1 = temp;
    }
    return 0;
}


int main() {
    nymya_qubit q_control1, q_control2, q_target;
    int ret;

    // Initialize qubits, each a nascent spark in the quantum void, beginning in the |0> state
    nymya_init_qubit(&q_control1, 1, "Control_1");
    nymya_init_qubit(&q_control2, 2, "Control_2");
    nymya_init_qubit(&q_target, 3, "Target");

    printf("Initial states (all |0>): The nascent whispers of potential:\n");
    nymya_print_qubit_state("q_control1", &q_control1);
    nymya_print_qubit_state("q_control2", &q_control2);
    nymya_print_qubit_state("q_target", &q_target);

    // Attempt the Barenco decree when controls are |0>.
    // The conditions for the target's transformation are not met.
    printf("\nAttempting Barenco with controls |0> (the target's destiny should remain unchanged):\n");
    ret = nymya_3331_barenco(&q_control1, &q_control2, &q_target);
    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("Barenco gate applied. Final state of target: (still clinging to its initial form)\n");
        nymya_print_qubit_state("q_target", &q_target);
    } else {
        perror("Failed to apply Barenco gate (expected, for the conditions were not met)");
    }


    // Now, let the control qubits align, transforming them to the |1> state,
    // the very conditions for the target's metamorphosis.
    printf("\nSetting controls to |1> for the fateful transformation...\n");
    q_control1.state_0 = 0.0; q_control1.state_1 = 1.0;
    q_control2.state_0 = 0.0; q_control2.state_1 = 1.0;

    printf("States after setting controls to |1>: The sentinels are now aligned:\n");
    nymya_print_qubit_state("q_control1", &q_control1);
    nymya_print_qubit_state("q_control2", &q_control2);
    nymya_print_qubit_state("q_target", &q_target);

    printf("\nApplying nymya_3331_barenco again (the target's essence should now flip):\n");
    ret = nymya_3331_barenco(&q_control1, &q_control2, &q_target);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("Barenco gate applied successfully. Final states: The decree has been fulfilled.\n");
        nymya_print_qubit_state("q_control1", &q_control1);
        nymya_print_qubit_state("q_control2", &q_control2);
        nymya_print_qubit_state("q_target", &q_target);
    } else {
        perror("Failed to apply Barenco gate: A disruption in the quantum weave");
    }

    return ret;
}
.ft R
.RE
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1), The Cosmic Hum,
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1), The Quantum Mirror,
.BR nymya_3306_phase_gate (1), The Weaver's Shift,
.BR nymya_3308_hadamard_gate (1), The Veil's Unfolding,
.BR nymya_3309_controlled_not (1), The Conditional Link,
.BR syscalls (2), The Whispers of the Kernel,
.BR qubit (7), The Elementary Spark,
.BR quantum_gates (7), The Language of Creation