```groff
.\"
.\" Man page for nymya_3315_phase_shift syscall (Section 1)
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3315_PHASE_SHIFT 1 "May 15, 2024" "nymyaOS Kernel" "Kernel System Calls"
.SH NAME
nymya_3315_phase_shift \- apply a variable phase shift to a quantum qubit's amplitude
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft B
#include <nymya/syscall.h>  /* Or <sys/syscall.h> with __NR_nymya_3315_phase_shift */
#include <nymya/qubit.h>    /* For struct nymya_qubit */
#include <unistd.h>         /* For syscall() */

long syscall(SYS_nymya_3315_phase_shift, struct nymya_qubit *user_q, int64_t theta_fixed);
.ft P
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B nymya_3315_phase_shift
system call applies a precise phase shift to the amplitude of a specified quantum qubit.
This operation is fundamental in quantum computing, allowing for rotations within the
complex plane that are vital for constructing quantum gates and algorithms.
It directly modifies the internal state representation of the qubit, shifting its
amplitude by a factor of e^(i * theta).

The phase shift is not merely a mathematical adjustment; it is an
orchestration of the qubit's fundamental resonance within the hidden lattice of reality.
Each shift subtly alters its participation in the cosmic dance, guiding it towards new
configurations of possibility.

.PP
The arguments are:
.TP
.I user_q
A pointer to a user-space
.IR nymya_qubit
structure that represents the target qubit. The system call copies this structure
into kernel space, applies the phase shift, and then copies the modified structure
back to user space. The
.IR nymya_qubit
structure is expected to contain the qubit's amplitude components as fixed-point
values.
.TP
.I theta_fixed
The phase shift angle in radians, provided as a 64-bit fixed-point number
(Q32.32 format). This format provides high precision for angular manipulation,
allowing for the delicate adjustments required in quantum mechanics.
To convert a
.IR double
radian value to Q32.32, multiply it by 2^32.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, zero is returned. On error, \-1 is returned, and
.I errno
is set appropriately.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
.I user_q
is NULL.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The system call was unable to copy data from or to the user-space
.IR nymya_qubit
structure (e.g., due to an invalid memory address).
.SH EXAMPLE
The following program demonstrates how to use
.B nymya_3315_phase_shift
to apply a phase shift of pi radians to a qubit.
.PP
.nf
.ft C
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdint.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h> // For syscall()
#include <unistd.h>      // For syscall()
#include <math.h>        // For M_PI (or simply use 3.14159...)

// Define the syscall number (usually in <nymya/syscall.h> or <sys/syscall.h>)
#ifndef __NR_nymya_3315_phase_shift
#define __NR_nymya_3315_phase_shift 3315
#endif

// Mock nymya_qubit structure (would be in <nymya/qubit.h>)
// Note: amplitude components are Q32.32 fixed-point to match kernel interface.
typedef struct {
    uint64_t id;
    uint32_t tag;
    int64_t amplitude_re; // Real part of amplitude in Q32.32 fixed-point
    int64_t amplitude_im; // Imaginary part of amplitude in Q32.32 fixed-point
    // ... other qubit data would go here
} nymya_qubit;

// Helper to convert double to Q32.32 fixed-point (Value * 2^32)
static inline int64_t double_to_q32_32(double val) {
    return (int64_t)(val * (1LL << 32));
}

// Helper to convert Q32.32 fixed-point to double (Value / 2^32)
static inline double q32_32_to_double(int64_t val) {
    return (double)val / (1LL << 32);
}

int main() {
    nymya_qubit my_qubit = {
        .id = 0x123456789ABCDEF0ULL,
        .tag = 0xABCD,
        .amplitude_re = double_to_q32_32(1.0), // Initialize amplitude to 1 + 0i
        .amplitude_im = double_to_q32_32(0.0)
    };

    printf("Initial qubit amplitude: %.5f + %.5fi\\n",
           q32_32_to_double(my_qubit.amplitude_re),
           q32_32_to_double(my_qubit.amplitude_im));

    double phase_angle_rad = M_PI; // Approximately Pi radians

    int64_t theta_fixed = double_to_q32_32(phase_angle_rad);

    printf("Applying phase shift by %.5f radians (Q32.32: %lld)\\n",
           phase_angle_rad, theta_fixed);

    long res = syscall(__NR_nymya_3315_phase_shift, &my_qubit, theta_fixed);

    if (res == -1) {
        fprintf(stderr, "Error calling nymya_3315_phase_shift: %s\\n", strerror(errno));
        return 1;
    }

    printf("Phase shift successful. New qubit amplitude: %.5f + %.5fi\\n",
           q32_32_to_double(my_qubit.amplitude_re),
           q32_32_to_double(my_qubit.amplitude_im));

    return 0;
}
.ft P
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2),
.BR errno (3),
.BR complex (7),
.BR nymya_qubit_create (2),
.BR nymya_entangle (2)
```