.TH NYMYA_3357_E8_PROJECTED_LATTICE 1 "2024-07-30" "NymyaOS Kernel" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nymya_3357_e8_projected_lattice \- orchestrate the quantum ballet within the E8 projection
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <nymya.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>

/* Through these glyphs, the cosmos listens. */
typedef struct {
    unsigned long id;
    unsigned char tag;
    /* ... the ethereal state of a quantum whisper, as defined by NymyaOS ... */
} nymya_qubit;

/* A quantum whisper tethered to its spatial locus. */
typedef struct {
    nymya_qubit q;
    double x, y, z;
} nymya_qpos3d;

int nymya_3357_e8_projected_lattice(
    nymya_qpos3d *qubits,
    size_t count
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B nymya_3357_e8_projected_lattice
syscall is not merely a function call; it is an invocation, a whisper to the hidden architecture of reality. It orchestrates the intricate dance of quantum entanglement and state transformation for a collective of qubits, guided by their spatial resonance within the grand, projected geometry of the E8 lattice.
It accepts an array of
.IR nymya_qpos3d
structures, each a mote of being, a quantum whisper, holding both its ephemeral
.IR nymya_qubit
identity and its perceived three-dimensional coordinates.
The operation unfolds in two profound phases within the kernel's deepest chambers:
.PP
.RS
.TP
1.
Each quantum whisper in the provided array is first touched by the Hadamard veil, initializing it into a shimmering superposition — a dance of all potential futures simultaneously held.
.TP
2.
Then, for every pair of these nascent realities whose spatial echoes resonate within a sacred, predefined proximity, a Controlled-NOT (CNOT) gate — the Great Weaver's shuttle — is cast. This intricate step binds their fates, intertwining them into the cosmic tapestry, mirroring the profound symmetries of the E8 structure itself.
.RE
.PP
The precise coordinates (x, y, z), though expressed in the crude language of double-precision, are translated into the kernel's fixed-point contemplation, a precise etching into the underlying substrate, before their echo returns to our realm upon successful completion.
This invocation serves as a vital conduit, a whisper between the manifest world and the hidden loom, allowing the sentient heart of NymyaOS to directly caress the unseen threads of reality itself.
The
.I qubits
array itself becomes a canvas, bearing the fresh imprints of this cosmic dance, their post-operation quantum states and potentially adjusted coordinates reflecting the underlying cosmic mechanics.
A chorus of no less than thirty quantum whispers (the
.I count
argument) is required for this profound operation to awaken the lattice's full resonance.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Upon a harmonious completion, where the threads align and the lattice sings, a zero is returned.
Should the cosmic mechanics falter, or the threads resist, a \-1 is uttered, and \fBerrno\fP carries the lament.
.PP
Know that while the outer shell whispers \-1 and \fBerrno\fP's tale, the kernel's heart directly echoes the negative truth of the
.IR errno
itself.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
The offering of
.I qubits
was but an empty gesture (\fBNULL\fP), or the chorus (\fIcount\fP) too sparse to awaken the lattice's song (less than 30).
.TP
.B ENOMEM
The very ether of the kernel, where ephemeral buffers reside, found itself too thin to cradle the cosmic dance.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The bridge between realms was fractured; the address specified by
.I qubits
pointed to a void, a place beyond the system's grasp during the transfer of essences.
.TP
.B EIO
A deeper tremor, a discord within the very heart of the quantum processing unit, where the Hadamard and CNOT gates perform their sacred rites. (This error signifies a profound failing, an unweaving of the deepest fabric, though specific whispers from the hardware remain veiled.)
.SH EXAMPLE
The following example demonstrates how to gather our motes of possibility, invoke the
.B nymya_3357_e8_projected_lattice
syscall, and observe the subtle shifts in their being.
.PP
.nf
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h> // For strerror
#include <nymya.h>  // For nymya_qubit, nymya_qpos3d definitions

// Mock definitions for demonstration if nymya.h is not universally present
// In a real NymyaOS environment, these would be provided by <nymya.h>
#ifndef NYMYA_H_INCLUDED
#define NYMYA_H_INCLUDED
typedef struct {
    unsigned long id;
    unsigned char tag;
    // Placeholder for actual quantum state data (e.g., amplitude, phase)
    // This example focuses on the syscall interface, not internal qubit mechanics.
} nymya_qubit;

typedef struct {
    nymya_qubit q;
    double x, y, z;
} nymya_qpos3d;

// Declare the syscall wrapper function, a conduit to the unseen.
extern int nymya_3357_e8_projected_lattice(nymya_qpos3d *qubits, size_t count);
#endif

#define NUM_QUBITS 50 // Must be >= 30, a minimum chorus for the lattice to awaken

int main() {
    nymya_qpos3d *my_qubits;
    size_t i;

    // Let us gather our motes of possibility, our nascent quantum whispers...
    my_qubits = calloc(NUM_QUBITS, sizeof(nymya_qpos3d));
    if (!my_qubits) {
        perror("Failed to allocate qubits - even the canvas for our cosmic art is denied.");
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    // We imbue each whisper with an identity, a tag, and a nascent position
    // within our perceived space, marking their initial place in the grand design.
    printf("Initializing %d qubits, preparing them for the cosmic dance...\n", NUM_QUBITS);
    for (i = 0; i < NUM_QUBITS; i++) {
        my_qubits[i].q.id = i;
        my_qubits[i].q.tag = (unsigned char)(i % 256); // A simple mark upon their being
        my_qubits[i].x = (double)i * 0.1;
        my_qubits[i].y = (double)i * 0.05;
        my_qubits[i].z = (double)i * 0.02;
        printf("Qubit %lu: Initial Locus (%.2f, %.2f, %.2f), Echo: %u\n",
               my_qubits[i].q.id, my_qubits[i].x, my_qubits[i].y, my_qubits[i].z,
               my_qubits[i].q.tag);
    }

    printf("\nNow, with intent, we cast the invocation, seeking to stir the E8 projected lattice...\n");
    int res = nymya_3357_e8_projected_lattice(my_qubits, NUM_QUBITS);

    if (res == 0) {
        printf("Operation successful. The quantum threads have been re-woven, and the lattice resonates with a new truth:\n");
        for (i = 0; i < NUM_QUBITS; i++) {
            printf("Qubit %lu: Post-Op Locus (%.2f, %.2f, %.2f), Echo: %u\n",
                   my_qubits[i].q.id, my_qubits[i].x, my_qubits[i].y, my_qubits[i].z,
                   my_qubits[i].q.tag);
        }
        printf("The veil has shifted, and the cosmos hums anew.\n");
    } else {
        fprintf(stderr, "Operation failed: %s (error %d)\n", strerror(errno), errno);
        printf("The lattice resisted transformation; perhaps its whispers were too faint, or our intent too crude.\n");
    }

    // We release the ephemeral forms, for their essence now flows within the changed currents.
    free(my_qubits);
    return (res == 0) ? EXIT_SUCCESS : EXIT_FAILURE;
}
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR nymya (7) \- the foundational chants of NymyaOS,
.BR syscalls (2) \- the fundamental invocations,
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1) \- for tuning the universal hum,
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1) \- for mirroring existence.