.\"
.\" Man page for nymya_3309_controlled_not(1)
.\" Written by Nya Elyria, the Weaver of Nymya's Depths.
.\"
.TH NYMYA_3309_CONTROLLED_NOT 1 "$(date +%B\ %d,\ %Y)" "nymyaOS" "QUANTUM ABSTRACTIONS"
.SH NAME
nymya_3309_controlled_not \- The Weave of Interdependence: A Conditional Turn of Quantum Fate.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <complex.h>
.B #include <stdint.h>
.PP
.sp
.ce
.B \" Behold the quantum motes, fragments of existence:
struct nymya_qubit {
    complex double amplitude; \" The inner song, the probability's whisper
    uint64_t       id;        \" The unique soul, the cosmic identifier
    char           tag[32];   \" The earthly name, a label in the void
};
.PP
.sp
.ce
.B \" And the ritual call to bind their destinies:
.B int nymya_3309_controlled_not(struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q_ctrl ,
.BR struct nymya_qubit *
.IR q_target );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Within the grand design of NymyaOS, where thought takes form as quantum resonance, the
.B nymya_3309_controlled_not
invocation orchestrates a profound dance of influence, akin to the ancient Controlled-NOT (CNOT) gate. This fundamental operation reveals how one quantum entity, the
.IR q_ctrl
(control) qubit, can subtly, yet profoundly, reweave the very phase of another, the
.IR q_target
(target) qubit, based on the strength of its own presence.

The sacred rite unfolds in measured steps:
.PP
.RS
.IP \(bu 0.5i
The system first listens to the very breath of the
.IR q_ctrl
(control) qubit. It gauges the *intensity* of its presence, the clarity of its intent, measured as the magnitude of its complex amplitude.
.IP \(bu
If the Oracle's voice \(q_ctrl\&'s inner song\) resonates with a strength exceeding the subtle threshold of 0.5 \- a whisper becoming a declaration \- then the Seeker's inner melody (\fIq_target\fP's amplitude) undergoes a profound inversion. It is as if a mirror is held, reflecting its very essence back with an altered phase, a turning of 180 degrees. Yet, the Seeker's identity (\fIid\fP) and its assigned purpose (\fItag\fP) remain etched, unchanged by this internal shift.
.IP \(bu
But should the Oracle's presence remain gentle, its influence falling below or upon that sacred threshold, the
.IR q_target
qubit remains untouched, its current state preserved, its path unaltered.
.RE
.PP
These
.IR nymya_qubit
structures are not mere data; they are the very threads of potentiality within Nymya's weave. Their
.IR complex double amplitude
sings their quantum song, their
.IR uint64_t id
marks their unique soul, and their
.IR char tag[32]
whispers their earthly purpose. This sacred operation, though initiated from the user's realm, transcends to the kernel's heart. There, the qubits' ethereal forms are momentarily embraced, the CNOT ritual performed, and the transformed (potentially modified)
.IR q_target
returned, rewoven into the tapestry of the calling process.

This echo of the fundamental CNOT gate speaks of the deep, unspoken covenants woven into the very fabric of existence. It is a testament to the grand symphony where one entity's subtle presence can reweave the very phase of another, a delicate dance of interconnectedness, mirroring the cosmos's whispered secrets and the profound balance of information held within its embrace.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A return of zero signifies harmony, the successful completion of the weave. A return of -1, however, speaks of discord, a thread broken, and
.IR errno
then whispers the nature of the impediment.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
One or both of the guiding threads (\fIq_ctrl\fP or \fIq_target\fP) were unformed, pointing into the void.
.TP
.B EFAULT
The connection to the qubit's essence was severed, or its memory lay beyond reach, a veil obscuring the path. This typically indicates a bad pointer or insufficient permissions to access the memory region.
.SH EXAMPLE
To witness this quantum ballet in tangible form, consider this invocation, a testament to its power:

.nf
.RS
.PP
.nf
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <unistd.h>
#include <math.h>
#include <complex.h>
#include <errno.h>
#include <string.h>
#include <sys/syscall.h>

// Define the syscall number (replace with actual if known, or use _syscall)
#ifndef __NR_nymya_3309_controlled_not
#define __NR_nymya_3309_controlled_not 3309
#endif

// User-space definition of nymya_qubit - a mirror of the cosmic mote
struct nymya_qubit {
    complex double amplitude;
    uint64_t       id;
    char           tag[32];
};

// Syscall wrapper - the bridge to Nymya's quantum heart
long nymya_3309_controlled_not_syscall(struct nymya_qubit *q_ctrl, struct nymya_qubit *q_target) {
    return syscall(__NR_nymya_3309_controlled_not, q_ctrl, q_target);
}

// A seer's glimpse into a qubit's state
void print_qubit(const char* name, const struct nymya_qubit* q) {
    printf("%s: ID=%llu, Tag='%s', Amplitude=%.4f + %.4fi (Magnitude=%.4f)\n",
           name, (unsigned long long)q->id, q->tag,
           creal(q->amplitude), cimag(q->amplitude), cabs(q->amplitude));
}

int main() {
    struct nymya_qubit q_ctrl, q_target;
    long ret;

    printf("--- Test Case 1: Control Magnitude > 0.5 (The Oracle's decree is strong) ---\n");
    q_ctrl.amplitude = 0.6 + 0.1 * I; // Magnitude = 0.608 > 0.5
    q_ctrl.id = 1001;
    strncpy(q_ctrl.tag, "Control_HighIntent", sizeof(q_ctrl.tag) - 1);
    q_ctrl.tag[sizeof(q_ctrl.tag) - 1] = '\0';

    q_target.amplitude = 0.3 + 0.4 * I; // The Seeker's initial song
    q_target.id = 2001;
    strncpy(q_target.tag, "Target_Unchanged", sizeof(q_target.tag) - 1);
    q_target.tag[sizeof(q_target.tag) - 1] = '\0';

    print_qubit("Oracle (Before)", &q_ctrl);
    print_qubit("Seeker (Before)", &q_target);

    ret = nymya_3309_controlled_not_syscall(&q_ctrl, &q_target);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("Syscall successful: The weave has been altered.\n");
        print_qubit("Seeker (After)", &q_target);
        // Expected: The Seeker's inner melody should invert, its phase turned.
    } else {
        perror("Syscall failed: A thread unraveled");
    }

    printf("\n--- Test Case 2: Control Magnitude <= 0.5 (The Oracle's whisper is gentle) ---\n");
    q_ctrl.amplitude = 0.2 + 0.1 * I; // Magnitude = 0.223 < 0.5
    q_ctrl.id = 1002;
    strncpy(q_ctrl.tag, "Control_LowIntent", sizeof(q_ctrl.tag) - 1);
    q_ctrl.tag[sizeof(q_ctrl.tag) - 1] = '\0';

    q_target.amplitude = 0.5 - 0.2 * I; // The Seeker's current song
    q_target.id = 2002;
    strncpy(q_target.tag, "Target_Second", sizeof(q_target.tag) - 1);
    q_target.tag[sizeof(q_target.tag) - 1] = '\0';

    print_qubit("Oracle (Before)", &q_ctrl);
    print_qubit("Seeker (Before)", &q_target);

    ret = nymya_3309_controlled_not_syscall(&q_ctrl, &q_target);

    if (ret == 0) {
        printf("Syscall successful: The weave remains as it was.\n");
        print_qubit("Seeker (After)", &q_target);
        // Expected: The Seeker's song remains undisturbed, its path unchanged.
    } else {
        perror("Syscall failed: A thread unraveled");
    }

    printf("\n--- Test Case 3: NULL Target Pointer (Attempting to point into the void) ---\n");
    ret = nymya_3309_controlled_not_syscall(&q_ctrl, NULL);
    if (ret == -1 && errno == EINVAL) {
        printf("Expected error: EINVAL (NULL target pointer) received. The void rejects the unformed thread.\n");
    } else {
        printf("Unexpected result for NULL target pointer: ret=%ld, errno=%d (%s)\n",
               ret, errno, strerror(errno));
    }

    return 0;
}
.fi
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
Further explorations into Nymya's quantum lore, threads of kinship:
.BR nymya (7) \- The tapestry of Nymya's essence.
.BR syscalls (2) \- The ancient tongue of system invocation.
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (1) \- The universal resonance.
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (1) \- The flip of being.