.TH THE_CONDITIONAL_SWAP 1 "Of Timeless Quantum Weaving" "The NymyaOS Lexicon of Creation" "The Great Scroll of Quantum Manifestation"
.SH NAME
nymya_3345_cf_swap \- The Conditional Fredkin's Gambit: A Dance of Entangled Fates
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nymya.h>
.B #include <unistd.h>
.PP
.B int nymya_3345_cf_swap(struct nymya_qubit *
.I qc
.B , struct nymya_qubit *
.I q1
.B , struct nymya_qubit *
.I q2
.B );
.SH DESCRIPTION
From the silent hum of Nymya's quantum loom, the
.B nymya_3345_cf_swap
syscall emerges, a decree whispered into the void, orchestrating a ballet for three quantum spirits. It applies the Controlled-Fredkin (CF-SWAP) gate, a complex choreography where the fate of two,
.I q1
and
.I q2
, is intricately tied to the state of a third,
.I qc
, the silent arbiter.

Specifically, if the control qubit,
.I qc
, in its deep, resonant being, proclaims its allegiance to the vibrant quantum |1> state—its amplitude's essence, when squared, transcending a sacred, system-defined threshold—then a profound transformation unfolds. The ancient rite of
.B nymya_3337_fermion_sim
is invoked upon the target qubits,
.I q1
and
.I q2
. This is no mere exchange; it is a re-patterning, a subtle inversion of phase, as if two entities, having swapped their very forms, now resonate with an altered hue, much like the delicate re-weaving of reality's very fabric under the influence of certain cosmic interactions.

But if the sentinel,
.I qc
, remains tethered to the primordial |0>, its whisper unheard, then
.I q1
and
.I q2
abide in their original state, their quantum potential undisturbed, a quiet reflection of what might have been. The state of
.I qc
acts as a cosmic switch, a determinant whisper, deciding whether the currents of interaction shall flow or remain still.

These three,
.I qc
,
.I q1
, and
.I q2
, are but echoes in the user's realm, their forms borrowed by the kernel's sacred space. Here, amidst the fixed-point calculus, precision guides the cosmic ballet, ensuring every nuance of entanglement is faithfully rendered. The control,
.I qc
, is observed, its wisdom gleaned, but its own essence remains immutable, a silent witness to the unfolding drama. Only the targets,
.I q1
and
.I q2
, are returned transformed, bearing the subtle marks of their destined encounter, copied back from the kernel's depths to the user's embrace.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Upon a harmonious resolution, when the cosmic strings align and the dance concludes without discord, the syscall grants its silent approval: zero, the symbol of perfect equilibrium, is returned. Should discord arise, a shroud descends: \-1, and
.I errno
, the cosmic ledger, bears the mark of the transgression.
.SH ERRORS
.IP "\fBEINVAL\fR"
The Veil of Nothingness: One or more of the qubit essences offered to the gate (
.I qc
,
.I q1
, or
.I q2
) were but phantoms, pointers leading to the void.
.IP "\fBEFAULT\fR"
The Unreachable Realm: An attempt to bridge the chasm between user and kernel space faltered, a memory address lost in the abyss, preventing the copying of qubit data.
.IP "\fB(other errors)\fR"
Whispers from the Deep: The
.B nymya_3337_fermion_sim
ritual itself, when invoked, may recoil, its own discords echoing through this gate, propagating its lament.
.SH EXAMPLE
To grasp the weave, behold its manifestation in the mortal tongue, as a seeker might invoke this profound operation:
.PP
.nf
.ft C
#include <nymya.h> // For the very breath of Nymya's quantum essence
#include <unistd.h> // For the syscall's humble invocation
#include <stdio.h>  // For murmurs upon the console
#include <stdlib.h> // For the paths of triumph or lament
#include <complex.h> // For the dance of real and imaginary realms

// Dummy nymya_qubit definition for example purposes
// In a true nymyaOS realm, this wisdom would flow from nymya.h
typedef struct {
    int id;
    int tag;
    _Complex double amplitude;
} nymya_qubit;

// Userland wrapper for the syscall (defined in user-space library)
int nymya_3345_cf_swap(nymya_qubit* qc, nymya_qubit* q1, nymya_qubit* q2) {
    return syscall(3345, qc, q1, q2); // The numerical invocation
}

int main() {
    nymya_qubit control_q, target_q1, target_q2;

    // Initialize control qubit to be predominantly |1> (magnitude sq > 0.25)
    // A spark of the dominant one, ready to ignite transformation
    control_q.id = 101; control_q.tag = 0; control_q.amplitude = 0.8 + 0.5 * I; 
    
    // Initialize target qubits with distinct states
    // Two distinct whispers, awaiting their fate
    target_q1.id = 201; target_q1.tag = 0; target_q1.amplitude = 1.0 + 0.0 * I; // A pure |0>
    target_q2.id = 202; target_q2.tag = 0; target_q2.amplitude = 0.0 + 1.0 * I; // A phase-shifted |1> (e.g., |i>)

    printf("Initial states, before the dance:\n");
    printf("  Control Qubit (ID %d): Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi\n", 
           control_q.id, creal(control_q.amplitude), cimag(control_q.amplitude));
    printf("  Target Qubit 1 (ID %d): Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi\n", 
           target_q1.id, creal(target_q1.amplitude), cimag(target_q1.amplitude));
    printf("  Target Qubit 2 (ID %d): Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi\n", 
           target_q2.id, creal(target_q2.amplitude), cimag(target_q2.amplitude));

    // Call the syscall wrapper, initiating the quantum ballet
    int res = nymya_3345_cf_swap(&control_q, &target_q1, &target_q2);

    if (res == 0) {
        printf("\nCF-SWAP successful. The conditional weave has settled.\n");
        printf("Final states (Control Qubit spoke |1>, targets shifted their essence):\n");
        printf("  Control Qubit (ID %d): Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi (expected unchanged, a silent observer)\n", 
               control_q.id, creal(control_q.amplitude), cimag(control_q.amplitude));
        printf("  Target Qubit 1 (ID %d): Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi\n", 
               target_q1.id, creal(target_q1.amplitude), cimag(target_q1.amplitude));
        printf("  Target Qubit 2 (ID %d): Amplitude %.2f + %.2fi\n", 
               target_q2.id, creal(target_q2.amplitude), cimag(target_q2.amplitude));
    } else {
        perror("CF-SWAP failed. The cosmic strings are tangled.");
        return EXIT_FAILURE;
    }

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
.ft R
.fi
Thus, the quantum dance concludes, a testament to conditional causality.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR syscall (2) - The Universal Invocation: How mortal commands ascend to cosmic machinery.
.BR nymya_qubit (7) - The Essence of the Qubit: A deep dive into the very fabric of quantum potential.
.BR nymya_3337_fermion_sim (2) - The Fermionic Embrace: Unveiling the core transformation of swap and phase.
.PP
And ponder the paths of related wisdom:
.BR nymya_3302_global_phase (2) - The Global Hymn: A subtle shift across all of existence.
.BR nymya_3303_pauli_x (2) - The Inversion's Gaze: A direct flip of quantum truth.